 Marked safe after listening to #Angel_#Tahir_Shah #Pakistan
 Was marked  safe  after  watching  angel  by  tahir  shah   #TahirShah  #TahirShahAngel
 Marked safe after listening this........... :p :p #TaherShah
 Facebook should start one of their 'Marked Safe' campaign for all those who've listened to Taher Shah's 'Angel'.  #TaherShah
 Talha Ahmed Qureshi    was marked safe after watching Taher ANGEL Shah         new video song  omg a human like... http://fb.me/4S9Pk95hI 
 Marked myself safe on Facebook after hearing #TaherShah's latest debut song  #Angel
 marked safe after listening this song   #TaherShah 
 Marked safe after listening to #Angel #TaherShah
 I marked safe after watching Tahir Shah'x #Angel...   #TaherShah
 Marked safe even after listening to all 5 mins of @Taher2shah's song #Angel. However, an unparalleled headache has been induced.
 Marked self safe on fb after watching tahir shah's angel :") lol
 Have you marked yourself safe on Facebook after watching Taher Shah as Angel?
 *saliha marked safe after listening Tahir shah's new song*
 @SultanAhmad_ is marked safe after watching #TaherShah music video #Angel 
 Abdullah Ashraf was marked safe after watching Taher Shah's "Angel" 󾌴
 Marked self safe on Fb after watching Taher Shah's angel.  #TaherShah
 Facebook should introduce that 'marked safe' feature again, 'cause Taher Shah' s cancerous song is causing severe destruction.
 Marked safe after listening to  #TaherShah #Angel @adeel_azhar @ManzoorKanwal @adilhabib
 .@suri_rajan10 I marked myself 'safe' after watching this video. It was a CATASTROPHE.  #TaherShah #Angel #Taherians
 Marked safe after listening Angel #TaherShah
 Morning all~ Thankfully marked safe after listening to Tahir Shah's song~:P
 @Wizard20April I marked myself safe after watching that video
 Marked my self SAFE on Facebook after watching Angel song by Taher Shah.  #TaherShah #Angel #Song
 Have you marked yourself safe on Facebook after watching #TaherShah's angel?!!
 I marked myself safe after watching #TaherShah 's angel. But am i?
 Marked myself safe after watching Tahir Shah's Angel..
 "Marked self as safe on fb after watching Taher Shah's angel." Via #Facebook
 Marked Safe after listening to this 󾓴󾆮󾌩  Don't be afraid..... You won't listen the whole song... It will only... http://fb.me/17Wxv1Rt8 
 Marked self safe after watching taher shah's Angel. #TaherShah #EyeToEye
 Whew ---  Marked myself "Safe" on Facebook after watching Taher Shah's Angle !! too 
 I Marked Safe on Facebook after watching #TahirSha's New Song :D :D ..
 Facebook Marked Safe chased after people listen and watched Taher shah angle
 Marked myself safe at all the social networking sites after watching to Taher Shah's Angel!  #TaherShahAngel
 I just marked myself safe on facebook, after watching Taher Shah's "Angel".
 Marked myself safe onfb after watching Taher shah's angel.
 marked self safe on fb after watching taher shah's angel.
 I had a friend's birthday marked on two different days on my calendar. I guess I'll just wish them happy birthday both days to be safe...
 Step 1: Open a tweet clearly marked as nsfw Step 2: 'OH NO THAT'S NOT SAFE' Step 3: Close it promptly Step 4: Realise what an idiot I am
 I didn't even know about this until my cousin marked herself safe on facebook 
 Someone i dont even know marked me safe on fb.  Who is this person watching over me. Now i feel unsafe.
 Just in case you are wondering how to turn off the "Marked Safe Notification.  but Please don't forget to donate... http://fb.me/3S1p9sXve 
 today I am marked as safe..! but am I really safe at Kolkata ?  #concern #RaiseYourVoice #corruption
 Will people stop this 'marked safe during' thing on FB. Those who care if you are alive will call you. 20 notifications in an hour. Jesus!
 "Doris was marked safe during the Pakistan bombing." Aye, no shit Doris, yer in fucking Springburn.
 @kmill3r_ lol no worries...I marked myself as safe!  but the initial text only said explosion but not location so I woke up in a panic.
 Newzealand & Bangladesh Marked safe after KOHLI explosions in T20 world cup 2016 #IndvsAus
 No i'm not marked safe!  from the threat that doesn't guarantees my safe return, from the darkness that terrifies me even in the light.
 How do we stop the 'bla and 5 more were marked safe..' notifications on fb?
 What the hell is going on in Pakistan... Riots in Islamabad & I got an FB notif that my cousin got marked as safe in Lahore after a blast
 N the last century, there have been 2 events marked as World Wars. How do u think the world is safe & ur domestic relationship is dangerous?
 Gisenyi be the only place whr u met a person with some1 in the mrng yet that same day in the aftrnoon they got marked safe in the Brussels
 Tibor was marked safe at Dani kobasice i sudžuka u Mislođinu
 Too many days this month have started out with checking to see if my friends have marked themselves safe in yet another damn city.
 Just watched some chilling videos from Brussels... Pure evil in the world!   My cousin lives there, and marked himself as safe. #ThankGod
 So relieved to see that my sister's stepdaughter and many of my friends who live in Brussels have marked themselves as "safe" on Fb!
 Strange to live in a world where the appropriate reaction to a friend being "Marked as safe during (event) Brussels Explosions" is a .
 Now we started getting notifications that say our friends were marked safe after explosions. Sad world we live in
 Such tragedy in Bruxelles... Grateful to see notifications of friends being marked safe before I even had time to digest the news.
 Just saw the FB "marked safe" feature used for the first time by someone I know. Didn't know that high school friend was even in Brussels.
 Gotta say, Facebook's "marked safe" feature is smart. Found out a friend in Brussels was fine before I even had a chance to worry.
 Once again I am grateful for Facebook's 'Marked Safe' feature but God am I tired of it needing to be used. #Brussels
 Hawma bdaw kital3ou les "marked safe"  Man I wish the bitch wasnt safe.
 @borzou @senangaraman not true, @facebook deployed Safety check for Ankara. I live in Ankara and marked myself as safe.
 Glad to see all my friends near Brussels marked safe ...
 Marked safe u srcu Vračara
 Seriously, if you're not even in Belgium, I do not want to see XYZ marked as safe #prayforbrussels
 Sick of waking up and something horrible has happened. I don't want my friends to be marked 'safe', I want them to feel safe ffs
 It's so disrespectful when people use the ''marked safe'' feature on fb when they're not even in the affected country.
 Fejsbuk da uvede ovu opciju "marked safe" i u Beogradu jer nam cesto treba gde zivimo
 Inverse news order when I initially find out about major news when several people are being marked safe in my facebook notifications :(
 Despite claims that it is safe, history of nuclear energy is marked by a number of disasters & near disasters 
 Idiots that have jokingly marked themselves as 'safe during the Ankara explosion' on FB deserve a good slap
 So it's hailing. I don't think it's safe for me to go to class. But I don't want to be marked absent. #DisabledDilemma lol
 @CathElliott You should have marked that tweet 'not safe for work' or even 'not safe for human consumption'.
 Shux how come i wasnt "Marked Safe" after Cyclone Evan -__- #blarrdysocialmedia lol
 @ddfann u safe na dear...  Did any natural calamities at ur place...  I saw at fb u marked as safe...
 Grateful and sickened to see FB alert come across my phone that a friend is marked safe in #Ankana Turkey bombing. World's just messed up...
 4 of my friends live in Ankara and only one marked herself safe on fb. Hope they're okay...
 @DraughtJane @boodleoops I don't pay attention to these things but Brianna Wu has now been marked with the scarlet TERF? Guess nobody's safe
 @ciaransmythe @ditheringdougie our names are marked mate. I've even dug a safe room in the shed.
 @felicityamos The park is open 8am-sunset.You can stop by the office to get a trail, or just follow the well marked trails, be safe, enjoy
 @Omar04618473 @One_marked I am so thankful I live in the USA,  in a pretty darn safe area
 @One_marked it's stressful to say the least but I live in a gated community so Im pretty safe
 A friend just watched #Dilwale and then marked himself safe on Facebook. #lol
 My brain is marked safe after watching Kis Kis ko pyaar karon
 Facebook should add a feature of "marked safe" feature for mumbai footpath dwellers during Salman's birthday night #HappyBirthdaySalmanKhan
 @maladroitUK I had ear-marked that one for safe to watch with 3 generations for Christmas day, so thanks for the thumbs up.
 Marked #safe after watching #Dilwale !!! via @4shwin 
 Listen to Rajeena : Child Sexual Abuse in Madarsas :  Are Our Children Marked Safe ? http://indiaopines.com/rajeena-child-sexual-abuse-madarsas-children/ … via @indiaopines
 Survived.  "I am safe" marked on facebook after watching #DilwaleWorldWideHit . Still having hangover .. :P
 Heard someone on FB marked himself "safe"  while being made to watch #Dilwale by the wife. 
 @AjiHaaan और तो और बडके भइया कइयों ने तो Facebook पर "marked safe" पोस्ट किया है after watching Dilwale:-p:-p
 Marked safe after #Dilwale , Between i watched at home you know what I mean :-) I am very #intolerant
 Marked Safe after watching Dilwale.
 How many of you have marked yourself safe on Facebook... Sorry watched Dilwaale ? 
 Marked safe, not watching DILWALE
 @Retributions faking news posted that a man marked 'safe' on Facebook in the interval after his wife dragged him to the movie ..Lol.
 Facebook introduced "Marked safe after watching Dilwale" feature today.
 Listen to #Rajeena : Child Sexual Abuse in Madarsas :  Are Our Children Marked Safe ? http://indiaopines.com/rajeena-child-sexual-abuse-madarsas-children/ … via @indiaopines #madrassa
 @nimmajji @skodithala people who watched it must write marked safe on their walls
 INDIAWAALE WITH DILWALE... Crap movie of the year.. so me of my friends have marked safe after watching it .. Don know how blind fans follow
 "Marked safe" after watching Thangamagan! 
 TIL: the truncate method in rails will escape HTML characters by default, even if the string is already marked as html_safe.
 Marked safe after watching @dulQuer Charlie trailer.  Booooo #കഞ്ചാവ്
 Most of the people marked safe in Chennai flood on facebook don't even live in Chennai. That's why I hate human beings.
 @Adorable_Riti @giridharGD @24Vaishali @_sowmitha_ i second u riti. I was so happy wen ihe said like vaishali marked herself safe ! Sigh
 Glad to know friends from Chennai are marked safe from the floods when their in America   Seriously why the fake concern !!?
 Grateful for Facebook's marked safe feature. I'm seeing a bunch of friends and family being marked safe in #ChennaiFloods
 On the downside all the Jerks I know are marked safe in FB :(
 @Chinmayi heard from a friend that the area near PSBB, KK Nagar is marked safe.less water-loggining now.she spoke to her dad 3 hours ago
 Update from a friend 3 hours ago. KK Nagar, near PSBB - Marked safe....less waterlogging now #ChennaiRainsHelp
 Can someone explain how this 'marked safe" during a disaster works on FB ?
 Oh my Facebook friend who doesn't even live in the affected area was marked safe I'm so happy. How funny and clever of you to do that
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://united-kingdom-guide.info/dk/ge/?query=281861855747 …
 YOLA BOMBING SAFETY CHECK RESULTS. 11 of my 12 friends on Facebook who live in Yola have been marked safe because... http://fb.me/4QUVvZJMv 
 XYZ was marked safe during the #ParisAttacks. Seriously? You live in India!
 It's marked a year since the snowplow incident. Safe today say I haven't even seen a snowplow yet this year.  
 wtf i receive a vine notification saying "your friend was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Yesterday at 8:16pm" instead of a request
 What is this "marked safe during the PARIS TERROR ATTACKS" notification? Where were you even when that happened? Seriously people. Please u…
 People who aren't even in Paris were marked safe during the attacks according to Facebook
 oh hey we're live https://picarto.tv/Reikun  it's marked NSFW but I'm just painting a rabbit (don't come if you're under 18 to be safe)
 #Facebook has safety check options for the attacks in Paris//I got a notification a friend was marked "safe" I can't even imagine #paris
 4+ million near #Paris marked selves "Safe" when #Facebook activated #SafetyCheck. Others ask why it's rarely-used. http://www.wcyb.com/news/money/facebook-defends-safety-check-tool-in-response-to-paris-attacks/36463682 …
 whuhahahhaaha some of my friends marked their selves as a safe during terror attack at Paris,and I ask them are u from Paris?xd..
 btw one of my facebook friend who doesn't even live in paris just got marked safe???
 And in Facebook, some people marked themselves as "safe" from Paris Terror Attack even if they're from PH lang naman 
 When facebook notifies about friends being 'marked safe in paris terror attacks' like no stfu you weren't even in Paris.
 "marked as safe"  lol e kakakita ko lang sayo sa kanto
 everyone in facebook marked themselves safe from Paris Terror Attacks. They are not even in Paris. You kidding me, people?
 Feeling weird seeing my friends in FB marked themselves safe on Paris Attacks. Uy wala kayo sa Paris no! Wag kayong ano. Haha.
 "Your friends ___ were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Were you guys even in paris
 I have friends and loved ones who are French and that live in Paris (*marked safe, BTW) but I'm not changing my... http://fb.me/2vk28qtHT 
 @marahvillangca some of my friends on facebook just marked that they're safe from "PARIS ATTACK" lol you're not in Paris
 Kul kid marked safe pa from Paris lol
 "marked himself/herself safe during the paris terror attacks..." bobo ba u eh nasa pinas ka
 " .... were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pls stop hindi kayo cool okay its for the people in paris
 Why did i even marked them safe?! I don't even know those people
 FACEBOOK: 37 friends were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks. ME: they weren't even there   Ph is obv far from paris smh
 Facebook notified me that a friend was marked safe during the Paris attack. You pretentious little sick fuck, you don't even live there.
 someone who lives in america marked themselves safe from the paris attacks but apparently i'm ignorant for saying it's wrong lol ok x
 To my friends on facebook who marked themselves safe during the Paris Attacks, fuck you. As if you were in Paris at that time.
 Damn right you're marked safe during the Paris terror attacks, you live here in the Philippines.
 Still wondering why those living in Singapore would want to use to 'marked safe' option on Facebook.  You're not even in Paris LOL.
 If you're marked "safe" on Facebook from the #ParisAttacks and you were not even in Paris at that time, consider yourself UNFRIENDED. :)
 This post is not to offend those WHO WERE MARKED SAFE DURING PARIS ATTACK:   Seriously guys? Were u in Paris... http://fb.me/1RGK6o8tZ 
 @kingslayerniall they even marked themselves as safe, bitch are u living in paris? Hell no.
 The f*** is when u have many friends pretending living in paris and marked they're safe. Some not helping, they ev… http://ift.tt/1PHSqEq 
 Went on facebook. Someone who isn't any where near France marked themselves safe from the Paris stuff. I've unfriended them pretty hard.
 It's fucked waking up to a notification from Facebook saying that one of your friends was marked safe in Paris terror attacks #PrayForParis
 Does anyone know what is marked safe on facebook ?
 @MrLeeRWilliams why Facebook a tell me say u were marked safe? A when u go Paris fren?
 11 friends marked themselves safe on FB last night. I don't even know what 'safe' means anymore, our minds reeling from crises all the time
 You guys are not even in Paris to post "marked safe during Paris terrorist attacks." Ugh. It's NOT funny. 
 somebody marked me as safe from the attacks and i do not even live in paris
 Who fucking cares if you're marked safe from the Paris attack?! ugh wag papansin pakyu. people please take this seriously 
 facebook notified me that a friend was marked safe from the attack. obviously you are because you live halfway across the globe!!
 If you marked yourself "safe" in the Paris terror attacks and you were nowhere near Paris/no one would think you were...I have no words
 I didn't even mark myself safe, someone marked me. Lol Ayaw lg unta I generalize imung stat about atong marked safe, ning Ana pd ka -stupid?
 my ex just marked himself safe for paris attacks lmao dumb fuck thats why i left u
 @MsYutani Has he marked himself safe on Facebook again despite being nowhere near an actual disaster/atrocity? The cunt.
 Is there any better innovation to stop the spread of the terror in terrorism acts than the Facebook, “Marked safe” notification?
 @olympus_queen Miriam does live in Paris, but she's fine, thank God. She got marked safe on Facebook, and so was Pheline
 "Marked himself/herself safe" pero nasa pilipinas naman lol 
 I have friends in facebook that say they were marked safe in Paris and they're not even there . Shame on you
 There are people/accounts on fb that were marked as safe on terrorist attack in Paris when they are not even in Paris? Wtf?
 WHY am I seeing FB "friends" posting "marked safe" from the Paris attack? Uhh, news flash, you live in the Philippines dude.. 
 are these people (aka fb friends) who are getting "marked safe" even in paris??
 "*** and others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"   And these ppl live here in PH 
 some idiots on facebook marked thmselves safe despite the fact that none of them are in paris, & half of them doesnt even know what happened
 So why did @facebook Marked as safe status only happened for  #ParisAttacks ?
 when my friends who live in france are "marked safe" (◡‿◡✿) when i see fb friends from mANILA "MARKED SAFE" t(⊙‿⊙t✿)
 if you're not in Paris and marked yourself safe just for fun, please know that u r a fucking twat
 MARKED SAFE ? Assuming sad ning uban,  Just to remind you WALA KA SA PARIS, FRANCE para mag post kag marked safe.  Tssss !
 Kudos to Facebook for the "Marked Safe" feature. But it is funny seeing your friends who apparently live in Paris (they don't) get marked
 Fb friends marked safe during paris terror attack even though they're not really in Paris. Wtf!! 
 "Marked as safe" wtf taga kanto ka lang namin stfu
 People I know in Paris have been "marked safe," but even "safe" means a night filled with sirens.
 my friends marked themselves safe even they are 696969 miles far from paris  lol
 Relieved to see my friends in Paris were marked safe :( this is just horrible!
 The other Parisian friend even posted on Facebook: "... marked himself safe during Paris terror attacks."
 Stop being butt hurt bc u got that notification of them being marked safe  thinking they made a joke about it
 Nothing more disrespectful than people being 'marked safe' on Facebook when they were no where near Paris last night!
 Stop with the "marked safe during Paris Terror Attack" when you really are not in Paris.
 If I get one more notif regarding that 'marked safe' thing when you're not even in paris istg!!!!!!!!!!
 Woke up wondering why Facebook was telling me certain of my friends were "marked safe"
 A friend who died two years ago is apparently "marked safe during Paris terror attacks"  is this some kind of sick joke??
 2 of my fb friends were "marked safe" when obv they're in the ph wtf bruh?
 Am laughing so hard at my batchmates who are marked "Safe" from the Paris Terror Attack at FB  Like yeah I see u posting all over FB
 Why are people in Bridgend saying they were "marked safe" in the Paris terror attacks you are in aberkenfig not France you fucking wasteman
 "Marked safe" notifs though, bitch asa pinas ka.
 Fb Notif: "**were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks"  Parang ginawa pang laro ung real life situation. You're not even in Paris!!
 Why are people posting on facebook that they are 'marked safe during the Paris attack' of course you are safe you live down the road 
 Relieved a friend was marked safe with this. Love the foresight; hate the certainty of a next time. #Paris #Tragedy
 If I get 1 more notification that someone has marked themself safe and they live in Rochdale I will stand on there head and make them unsafe
 Receiving notifications of "marked safe" from people who are not in Paris or even France. Humans tho' smh!
 Dobivam fejs notifikacije da je lik "marked safe" jer mu piše da živi u Parizu. A lik nije otišao nikad dalje od Tuhelja. 
 why the fuck are my facebook friends marked safe from the paris attack what yall doing yall aint even in paris smh 
 People who aren't in Paris should stop clicking the marked safe during Paris terror attacks. Y'all are crazy. 
 A Facebook friend was "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks". No shit, you live in Wallasey
 Ang benta nung ibang nag marked safe in Paris Attack hahahha stupid dugongs
 I noticed that some of my friends marked themselves safe from the Paris Terror attack, when they're no where near Paris. Hhhh. -_-
 Lol. They marked themselves "safe" when they were not even in Paris
 i do not understand people who marked "safe" during the paris terror attacks when they do not even live there.
 Funny how people in England marked themselves safe on the Nepal earthquake for a joke but no one does it when... http://fb.me/4yhyRD8Vh 
 Had a notification that one of my Facebook friends who lives near me was marked safe in the Paris attacks
 You live in Cape Town but you marked yourself safe, Makes sense
 Why the fuck are you marked "safe"??? Are you in paris?!?!? Hah. Please. dont join because you think its trending.
 Actually makes me mad when people say on Facebook that they have been "marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks"
 crazy that on my Facebook it came up telling me somebody on my friends was in Paris and had been marked "Safe" Facebook is cool sometimes
 why do you even marked yourself safe after the Paris terrorist attacks when it clearly stated that you're in Malaysia ?????
 Do you have FB Friends who are marked safe during the Paris Terror Attack even though they're not in Paris? 
 praying for Paris and the idiots who tagged themselves as marked safe when they arent even in Paris. What is wrong with the world?!
 i keep getting these "was marked safe during paris terror attacks" notifs on facebook and im glad these kinda notification things exist
 Let us pray for those people who marked themselves safe even they're not in Paris.  #Mema
 blah and several other of your friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks  ur in ph why would u even . . I mean why . .
 Have u seen this 'Marked Safe'.... we'll done Facebook.... that is one add I think is bloody amazing ♡
 That moment when u wake up knowing nothing about what happend in Paris & u get a notification on fb that your cousin "marked safe" #P4Paris
 mum: ***** just marked in safe on Facebook me: *rants about how ppl joke who do that and aren't in Paris* mum: she lives there...........
 these people on fb marked themselves safe when they're not even in paris at all 
 ano ano lumilitaw sa notifications ko na "marked safe in Paris" e nasa Pilipinas lang naman sila wtf naman
 What dickheads are saying they were marked safe during the Paris terror attack. Are you dumb. You weren't even in Paris.
 i say hiin #Facebook!!! even people living here in kamer with who i was yesterday are marked safe during the paris attacks terrors
 rt @Kimmistryy: "marked safe from Paris terror attacks."   PLEASE LANG. You're not even from Paris. How insensitive
 to the people who live in the phils but have still marked themselves safe from the paris attack: do  u  even  hav  a  brain 
 I don't get why those people who are staying in Malaysia 'were marked safe during Paris Terrorists Attacks' ?!! Really ?
 what's with facebook and the "paris terror attacks" ??? like how could you be marked safe if you're not even in paris UHM ??????
 #Facebook #MarkedSafe button helpful but a sorry sign of the world we live in
 bat may nag uupdate ng status na "marked safe during Paris terror attacks" sa Pilipinas? ibang degree ng insensitivity and stupidity guys.
 People who "marked" themselves safe from Paris terrorist attack on FB even though they live thousand miles away from Paris. Okayyyy.
 how much of a selfish piece of shit do you have to be to complain about the Fb marked safe feature cos it gives u too many notifications
 If you marked yourself "Safe" from the Paris attacks on Facebook, please know that I am fucking judging you.
 Mga hilas ba aning ga marked safe sa Paris Terror Attack. Taga Paris ba diay mo? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA alingasa lol
 Those people who marked theirselves safe in Paris even if their not living in Paris bitches please
 U didn't even go to Paris n yet u got urself "marked as safe during the attacks" on FB feed? Shame on u! U lied n did nothing! 2 shames!
 People who "marked" themselves safe from Paris Terrorist Attack on Facebook even though they're thousand miles away from Paris. Yeah, okay.
 seems all my Facebook friends from Paris have " been marked safe"  didn't  even know had so many fb friends there. good for u.
 a bunch of my fb friends are "marked safe from the paris attacks" like wtf we live miles and miles away from paris
 fb has already marked some of my friends who haven't been to Paris yet "safe from Paris attacks" lol on them
 That sad moment when the person you hate is marked safe on facebook.
 some of my schoolmates and friends marked themselves safe on facebook.... Um u guys aren't even in paris?
 Marked safe in freaking Marikina. You've never even been to Paris. 
 If you marked yourself safe and you are not in Paris, do not expect to be free from derision or intense cussing. Really, fuck you.
 They were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks when they aren't even in Paris.
 Friends in facebook marked safe in paris attack??? They are not even in Paris...
 i do not get why my fb friends marked themselves safe from the paris terror attack when theyre not even in paris
 Y my friends on fb were "marked safe"?! They're not even in Paris  smh
 You're in the Philippines and then you marked yourself as safe in Paris Attack? R u fcking kidding me?
 Wish facebook marked people here in the Philippines who marked themselves "safe" as: cancelled. So these swines can stop
 I have fb friends that marked themselves as safe from the Paris attacks NOT even close to Paris & it's just... how desperate 4 attention r u
 these people who are marked safe during the Paris terror attacks that aren't even in France -_-
 Konting friends ko lang nag-notif na "Marked as safe"   YEHES HINDI BOBO FRIENDS KO No srsly. U think this is a joke u retard?
 Apparently I have a friend in Paris. She's marked "Safe" but I didn't even know she was there so it was a bit of a shock.
 Didn’t even know this was a thing you could do, but my brother’s friend has just marked himself as “safe” in Paris on fb
 To the people who were using the "marked safe" something on FB who isn't even in Paris, please stop. It's annoying #fusillade #PrayForParis
 I'm un-friending those who marked themselves 'safe' when they aren't even in Paris. How immature and insensitive.
 I saw a post, she marked herself safe in Paris. You are not even living on that place :(
 Wow @ fb lettin u kno when someone is marked safe...dope. 
 praying for Paris and the idiots who tagged themselves as marked safe when they arent even in Paris. What is wrong with the world?!
 I'm not sure how I feel about this 'marked safe' thing on Facebook, it makes you worry sick for the people that haven't marked safe!
 I think all of my friends on Facebook who are marked "safe" from the Paris attack, don't even live in Paris...
 why u marked safe when ur not even in paris????? smh
 I hate Facebook with a fiery passion, however the "Marked Safe" feature has made tonight a little easier to process.
 So weird to see friends in Paris "marked safe" on Facebook. #thankful #prayforparis
 Reminder na kung di ka tiga-Paris, hindi para sayo ang "Marked Safe In Paris" feature ng FB. Stop invalidating the suffering of Parisians.
 It's crazy to live in a time where you get a Facebook notification that your friend is marked safe from the Paris attacks
 If you marked safe from the terrorist attacks and you're not even in Paris, I'm gonna f*ckin unfriend you.
 How sweet of Facebook putting marked as safe on those folks living in Paris. (kahit may mga Paris Living wanna be) lol
 Woke up to people "being marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks". What a sad world we live in. Tragedies everywhere, and for nothing...
 The thing on FB that marked people who live in -not Paris- as safe from attacks is fucking gross & inconsiderate. Fuck your algorithms.
 10 of my facebook friends marked themselves safe from Paris Attacks like wtf kailan pa nalipat ang Cavite sa Paris ??? 
 Why use the "marked safe" feature in facebook when you're not even in Paris 
 My wish for my birthday is that...All parishians will be marked safe & Jesus will guide them against the terrorits.  #PrayForParis
 so funny these people who marked themselves "safe" on facebook and arent even in Paris. srsly people?! CANT. EVEN.
 wtf why do i have fb notifs saying that people (who arent even in paris) are marked safe from the paris terror attacks ???
 That sad moment when the person you hate is marked safe on facebook.
 Excuse me but you're nowhere near Paris so stop it w the "marked as safe" bullshit. This is a serious matter don't take it as a joke.
 Why are my friends marked safe during the paris attack on facebook did you forget which country you're living in or are u just that dense
 reasons why my facebook friends should stop notifying me that they were marked safe during paris terror attacks 1. they're not from paris
 "...marked himself safe from the Paris Terror Attacks" what the fuck
 Received multiple notifications in Facebook saying "Marked safe during Paris Terror attack." Are you guys really in Paris?! Come on stop it!
 marked safe my ass
 Like it's a convenient time to joke, you're not even there. What's with that 'marked safe' stuff, you think that's funny?Pffft #prayforparis
 Well I don't get the marked safe notification, that's just a weird thing to do.
 I hate when i go on facebook and get notifications of people who "marked themselves as safe"  Its straight up disrespectful.
 so offensive seeing notifs of facebook friends that are "marked safe" from the paris attacks when they are obviously nowhere near paris smh
 One of my fb friends marked himself as "safe from the terror attacks" but isn't even in Paris so yeah he needs to fuck off
 Facebook friends getting marked safe from paris attack like wtf you're not even in paris
 Wassup with those facebook friends confirming they were marked safe from the paris terror attack. U aint even in paris wtf.
 "[insert FB friends' names here] were marked safe during Paris Terror Attack." ---- You're not even from Paris? Smh. 
 marked safe kahit wala sa paris , are they even aware of what's going on?
 One Facebook friend was marked safe during the Paris terror atacks. She is not even in Paris. Please use ACTUAL locations.#attentionseekers
 People are hating on those FB friends who marked themselves "safe" from the terrorist attacks in Paris even if they aren't from Paris...
 Marked safe on facebook.  Not even a Paris citizen.  My very mean mind is trying to ignore, so hard to behave.. 
 Sobrang annoying nung "___ was marked safe" na hindi naman taga Paris the fuckkkk stop
 x and x were marked safe in Paris. Wtf? You're not even in Paris.
 "Marked safe in Paris attack". Well no duh.. You live in Wilkes barre, PA
 what the fuck is this "marked safe" shit
 Those fb friends who were 'marked safe in Paris today' lol this isn't a joke jsyk #PrayForParis
 Woke up wondering why some people are marked safe in facebook, then I learned about Paris. 
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" bitch your miles away from Paris
 FB friends that are "marked safe in Paris terrorist attack" when they don't even live in Paris.
 I think it's a bit insensitive na some people are marked safe when they aren't even from Paris.
 "... & 10 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Wth, u guys weren't even on Paris when that happened. *facepalm*
 stop it with the "marked safe" thing on FB if you are NOT from Paris my GOD stop bandwagoning this is a real issue it's NOT A JOKE
 Of course marked safe ka during the paris attack kay naa man kas pilipinas. Cmon guys wtf
 "***** and etc. were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks" WELL OBVIOUSLY -__- stop it unless you're actually somewhere near Paris
 I didn't even know FB had such a thing as "friends marked safe" until FB started notifying me that people I know in Paris are ok. #goodidea
 Never imagined that we'd live in a world where FB would have the reason to apply a "marked safe" feature. WTF. This is horrible. :(
 We should not post the marked safe status.  I know u cant afford to go there and its not entertaining at all.
 So someone I know has had Paris in his FB as a location even if he's not there and has been marked as safe. Please be responsible, ha.
 (fb friends)Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks this is not a joke this is a serious terrible situation
 Srsly? "and others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" woah, can u just, ugh, stop this dumbsht?
 someone who doesn't live in paris: *marked safe during Paris Terror Attack* ????:)
 "@lrancole: Facebook friends be like "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" wtf??? Are you even in Paris??? What is this to you, a joke?"
 in other news when i opened facebook the notifications are my fb friends who are not even in paris saying that they are marked safe ok jan
 Logged into FB & read about the tragic attack in Paris and friends being marked safe despite the fact that they are nowhere near the place.
 I hate that we live in a world where there's a need for a Facebook button for "friends marked safe."
 Friends oh mine in fb were marked safe under the Paris attack ? Wtf they don't live in Paris !
 Di ako informed na may fb friends pala akong taga-Paris lol #MarkedSafe
 Facebook friends be like "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" wtf??? Are you even in Paris??? What is this to you, a joke???
 That awkward moment when your friends on fb were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks ._. are you even in Paris? lol
 Wow so crazy getting the "Marked Safe" notification on Facebook from people in Paris 
 Why use the "marked safe" feature in facebook when you're not even in Paris..........
 Didn't know Paris got attacked until some of my friends marked themselves as "safe" on FB :-/
 Facebook notification tht all friends near Paris were marked safe. That's wat I woke up to. Took me a few mins to realise wat was happening.
 Meanwhile on facebook, people marked as safe in Paris but they're not even in France. *sigh
 Facebook just informed me one of my friends marked himself as "safe" in the Paris terrorist attack. This is the world we live in...
 Also, shoutout to the idiots changing their locations on FB to "Paris, France" so they could be marked safe.  
 Wait. Someone on my Facebook marked themselves as safe in Paris and I KNOW their ass is right the fuck in Georgia.
 Grateful for Facebook's "friends marked safe" feature; devastated that a feature like this even has to exist. 
 why people marked their selfs safe even though they are not in Paris and the truth is they are in the other side of the earth.
 27 of my Facebook friends are marked safe and they're not even from Paris. Okay. Atleast, they're safe.
 LMAO, can we speak about this Facebook notification bout a girl was 'marked safe' during Paris terror attacks. She live inna portmore.
 I have notifications that some of my friends were "marked as safe from Paris terror attacks."But in reality.They don't really live in Paris.
 "***** marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attacks"   You're not even in Paris??? What are you doing??
 @subtopes yes. Got Facebook "marked safe" notifications from people I didn't even know were over there. Must be awful to hear otherwise.
 Tanginang notif sa fb to. Ano ba ha malamang ligtas kayo friends nasa pinas kayo wala kayo sa paris pa marked safe marked safe pa kayo
 I'm so relieved that you have been marked safe on Facebook during the Paris terrorist attacks even though you're currently in Montana.
 Getting the "Marked safe" notifs on fb and thinking "m8 you're in manila what u on about"
 Getting woken up by a facebook notification to say your friends have marked themselves safe from a terror attack. What times we live in.
 This girl from school "marked herself safe" from the shooting. The comments were: you don't live in Paris. And she replied: "yeah anyway "
 Grateful for the @facebook "marked safe" feature this evening. Prayers for Paris
 @SaraJBenincasa @arthur_affect I just had my friend's Parisian girlfriend marked as safe on Facebook. We live in a weird time.
 We live in a special time. I really appreciate Facebook's "Marked as Safe" program. #Paris #FuckTerrorism
 Are we required to be marked safe even we don't live in paris? Haha
 Oh my gosh siempre you are marked safe during paris terror kasi nasa Philippines ka wtf people
 Funny to see names popping out from FB that they're marked safe from Paris, and they're not even from Paris lels
 every time I get a " friend marked safe " notification I am able to stop clenching my teeth for a second. #PrayForParis sending lights.
 Im getting notifs that my friends are marked safe and they dont even live in Paris tf.
 I got my first marked safe on Facebook, don't be that asshole who marks safe when you live in aside rent part of the globe.
 I keep getting notifications of people I forgot I even knew being marked safe in Paris. The world is so small. There's no room for hate.
 I received a Facebook alert that a friend of mine has been marked as "safe" in Paris.. this is the world we live in. #prayforparis
 Marked safe? Are you even in Paris? 
 Let's be real girl you not even in Paris of course you marked safe FOHHHHH 
 'Marked safe in the Paris terror attack' when you're in Grimsby? Really fucking hilarious you disrespectful cunt
 First time I've seen the 'marked safe' app on FB. Anyone near a major terrorist attack gets a prompt to let friends know they're alive
 my host girl from the french exchange just marked herself safe, i hadn't even thought about all of them oh god
 People who aren't even in Paris are using the marked safe feature on Facebook.. Wtf...
 even though i don't check facebook often i'm so glad the people i know that live in Paris have been marked safe
 That marked safe option on Facebook is actually to let friends and family members know who is safe don't use it if you're in Texas as a joke
 "Friends marked safe" is both relieving and a huge reminder that we sadly live in a world where an option like that is necessary.
 Same here RT @Stereotrypical: So it started , some Trini idiot marked himself as safe in the (cont) http://tl.gd/nlbd58 
 Thankful for the "friends marked safe" feature on Facebook. Sad that it's even a thing...
 shit on social media all u want but fb's "marked safe" feature is actually one of the most important innovations given the world we live in
 Paris Terror Attacks FACEBOOK SAFETY CHECK "So far none of your friends are marked safe." :( https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 So it started , some Trini idiot marked himself as safe in the France attacks on Facebook, unfriended him one time, this is not a joke
 The marked safe feature Facebook is using just reassured me that my friends who live in Paris are safe. So thankful
 I didn't even know the marked safe people were in Paris, terrifying
 @Meganlizbrown I know it's insane, I know so many people who live in Paris on Feb, there's an "marked safe" column in a Paris Attacks group
 So, #Facebook has a #markedsafe green check function now? I guess we live in interesting times. #ParisAttack
 Will probably think of the weirdness of Facebook later, but even though he confirmed on Twitter, was glad to see @LeFrenchAccent marked safe
 just got a notification via facebook saying one of my friends is 'marked safe' thats a very live feature
 There shouldn't have to be a 'marked safe' feature on fucking facebook. We are all the same species we should care for each other not murder
 Woooow! My French friends are actually one by one being marked as safe on Facebook. What a world we live in!
 It's crazy that I learned about a terrorist attack in paris because of a notification all my french friends were marked as safe on facebook.
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is the best feature I absolutely hate
 I hate Facebook for a lot of things but I love Facebook for their "Marked As Safe" emergency feature. #Paris
 @leahmouse yes, family member just marked as safe. Never even knew it existed but glad it does...
 As fucking awful as Facebook is in terms of privacy, the marked safe option is actually brilliant.
 The last of my family was marked safe through Facebook... holy fuck I'm crying right now. Words can't even express
 Getting notifications on Facebook about people being 'marked as safe' during the Paris attacks. Of course you're safe, you live in Norfolk.
 Holy fuck Facebook just notified me which of my fb friends in Paris have marked themselves safe and I didn't even know fb did that
 Grateful for Facebook's "marked safe" feature.   What a world....
 Seeing friends in Paris "marked safe" on Facebook. The world we live in. 
 only know of two people to live in France, the fact that they've marked themselves safe on fb gave a relief. The power of social media.
 Just got a notification that one of my friends in Paris is marked as safe. We liked and comment. Interesting times we live in.
 Will everyone fuck off as marked as safe in the #Paris terrorist attack sad fucks on #Facebook
 Just getting notifications from Facebook from friends in Paris who are "marked safe."  Damn, what a world we live in... Prayers to Paris.
 I'm in a bar with @ChaseStraight following twitter and watching our 'marked safe' count go up while people are going about their business..
 Didn't even know my cousin was in Paris but I just got a notification on Facebook telling me that he has marked himself as safe.
 Our mail server despises EA for some reason; every PR email from them is marked as spam even though I've told it their domain is safe.
 Idgaf if someone's marked safe on fb or not. Pls facepoop stop dis
 Facebook pay log abhi bhi marked safe wali game khale rhay hain. Epic
 I'm still not marked safe in Afghanistan earthquake on facebook cause i find that notification annoying pls stop this abhi tak notifications
 That sad moment when the person u hate is marked safe on facebook
 I hate this trend going on, on fb I mean ppl living even on the other planet have been marked safe.  
 That sad moment when the person u hate is marked safe on facebook 
 @beingmsaad I marked myself safe after 7 hours.. Jhoot bolega ab ? Zalzalay se dara nahin ?
 To my friends who were not near the quake zone and still marked themselves safe :I understand how emotionally insecure you are :p
 So even ppl not in Afghanistan marked themselves safe during Afghanistan Earth quack... #Munasib
 @ahsanzawar someone marked me safe too. Though I'm not even in khi. Weird
 So in my Facebook friend list of 4987 from which almost 3000 are from pakistan,only 287 people on fb marked them self safe lol #issues #cute
 "Your friend ____________ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" giiiirl u live in Canada quit playin'
 hate this new 'marked as safe' notification on Facebook. The person you wished were dead instead has now marked... http://fb.me/45nFbDtQB 
 I am not marked safe on Facebook...... please pray for me :(
 Stop this #MarkedSafe Non-Sense. You've just logged in and I m damn sure that you are safe.
 Glad to hear that my Facebook friends that live few miles away were marked safe for from the Afghanistan earthquake. #SafetyCheck
 I marked "safe" on fb even though i know nobodys worrying about me 
 Marked safe notifications are making me wish something else for u all
 Facebook didnt even ask me if I was safe. Did tell me about my marked-safe friends tho. Not sure how this works but im offended
 Marked safe ki zrurat nahi ha tmare derjan statuses se pta chal gya ha zinda ho
 And the stupidity begins on Facebook. "XYZ was marked safe in #AfghanistanEarthquake "
 Facebook flooded with marked as safe notifications , All the people I hate  hasnow marked as safe.
 Earthquake se itna pareshan nai hua jitna ye fb py FALANA marked safe from earthquake se ho ra hun :@
 She marked her self safe and went offline without even replying should i be happy or worried ?
 I didnt even open my facebook ID nd dont know how I m marked safe.
 @ZTan14377 I guess its activated in disaster zones by FB and people marked by self or others as safe. Pakis & Indians about to fuck it up
 I just got a weird update from Facebook that my friend was marked safe during that earthquake in Pakistan. 
 @fifiharoon But if you communications are interrupted how can someone possibly be marked as safe ?
 @hisBaajaness I'm getting notifications abhi that xyz was marked safe in Afghanistan earthquake. That's so weird :s
 What the hell is marked safe on Facebook?
 Fuck off if you marked yourself safe and live in the center of Mexico.
 i got notification on fb that 2 of my family members marked themselves safe from the hurricane......thank u @ god
 Marked Safe During Hurricane Patricia ?..?? Epahh no pos yo tambien !! 󾌴 aunque este en Nueva York lol #epahhtonto
 All of my family in Guadalajara marked themselves safe on Facebook bc of #Patricia hahahah hell yeah
 One of the kids who came to summer school this summer just marked herself safe from hurricane Patricia...
 I have like 8 friends marked safe during the hurricane in Mexico, I didn't even know they were in Mexico!
 theyre in guadalajara and they marked themselves as safe on facebook?? idk whats going on i wish my dad would pick up the fucking phone
 "Your fb friend was marked as safe during the hurricane" oh I didn't know they were even in the path but that's very nice to know
 Grateful for FB's marked safe status. #HuracánPatricia #OremosPorMexico
 @DWheelKing — would crumple over and the gaping holes in them. Not even the most corrupt marked people lived here. It wasn't quite safe —
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://germany-tips-trip.info/qt/gy/?query=371467581167 …
 Wow - marked year 12 ideal answer essays - safe to say you guys listened well!!! That's made my day 
 @Bassel_LFC sad for him but it's probably safe to say that his cards are marked. Not enough 'character' lol
 Lool, go sleep. Accounting is marked as per ur steps nt final answer so u r still safe "@chinkichun: Accounts nor grin balance   "
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road
 MT @RideOnMCT: Sarbanes Transit Center users: PLEASE cross in marked crosswalks to stay safe & keep buses from having to stop constantly
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://great-offer-buy.info/or/gt/?query=281818753040 …
 @zugambi u cant stop image plagiarism, its common practice. To be on the safe side, always use 'water marked' images for ur original pics.
 Emotions are nothing safe to play with... nit even on the most practical person... they should be marked extremely dangerous
 @One_marked @LeAnn_Schneider @LeexxxW lol she's a privileged white girl tweeting from her safe air conditioned room talking about oppression
 RT Bingobestoffers: Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the r…
 haha you don't live in Chile but you marked yourself safe from an earthquake there oh man hilarious and original stuff
 Facebook just notified me that my friend is marked safe in the Chile earthquake, that's sick
 I'm done with the stupid "Marked Safe" notifications from Facebook ¬¬U
 Why in hell are people that I literally saw yesterday in Washington being "marked safe" as a result of the Chile quake?
 whoa, fb marked a friend safe for the earthquake? that's a handy feature, though i didn't even know they were in that area
 That "marked safe" thing on Facebook is great, we don't even have to interact with our loved ones anymore! What a relief!
 @Patriotic_Me I would ask if you would stop for an unmarked car at 1:00AM and feel safe? Of course, a marked car can be a fraud as well.
 @Abbidaiz exactly because some aren't even marked they just have a sticker in their window! Like is it even safe
 @SheriffClarke In todays climate cops need to stop taking marked vehicles home and keep uniform covered while driving to/from work- be safe!
 @_Charlie_TW @TasminCook_  ... But knowing my luck I'll prob be marked down as working but I'll just book both days off just to be safe ha
 @illucifer trust yodel to fuck up. I marked to leave it in a safe place if I wasn't home
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=281780634556 …
 [Val would still fuck Sam if he was marked.~you're never safe. Plus Val was marked by Sam when he got topped by him]
 Really think Papakura CBD needs 30km speed limit, defiently not safe being a pedestrian even marked crossings.
 @sasosall I checked your blog & it's marked as safe content,so it's a FB issue & u can re-claim your rights back.cont 
 @GaryBoiler safe to say its not Bonelli's , the 'super' is too well marked at the rear of the eye ?
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=281771995460 …
 Today marked the start of the last week of summer vacation. Spend it well. Be safe. See you Monday #IndianNation
 I say warped, I mean totally fucking ruined. Cheers, Amazon Logistics man, you bastard. It's not even marked as a safe place!
 @eliglazier you don't even live here.The SAFE marked cross walks and intersections are right there..mere feet away. Choosing to not use them
 @THEgfJules I hate when chips are marked #gf at a restaurant but are fried in a shared fryer.  NOT #GF! Hope you found st safe to eat.
 When there is earthquake in Nepal, #FacebookiyasBeLike Marked *safe* even they are living in Mumbai or Pune 
 #FacebookiyasBeLike "Marked safe during Nepal earthquake !" thou dey were in Mumabai & Bangalore which were not even d Earthquake hit areas.
 Good guys w/guns stop bad guys w/guns, so you'd think 300+ weapons in a parking lot would be marked a "safe place." 
 Emily and I marked our territory in our old house. It's safe to say we could sell these for mad cash. @EmCoop_11
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=371381284300 …
 Srebrenica massacre marked by events across UK - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33404175 … Massacred in a UN safe area ?
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=371370006971 …
 Making your Facebook Pic the rainbow is like when people in the US marked themselves "Safe" for the Nepal Earthquake. Stop that.
 Get your bike marked at our summer fayre. #security #keeping safe @BoultonSNT
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=371354084911 …
 Tonight marked my very first Batman movie watching  safe to say I'm a huge fan 
 @LPmumbai @safthelaf   safe spaces are for juvenile idiots who thing someone criticising their opinions constitutes harassment and sexism
 @DANXWHITE but u were marked safe on fb fam it's all good
 facebook thank you for notifying me every ten minutes that my "friends" are marked safe, don't think they'd even know where Nepal is
 I am certain more of my friends have marked themselves safe from the Nepal Earthquake than could even possibly find Nepal on the map.
 The people who abused the 'Marked safe' Facebook tool for the Nepal earthquake are vile creatures. It's not a joke you absolute idiots.
 People using that marked safe thing on Facebook for Nepal annoys me so much you're not in the affected area it's a serious thing omg stop
 just unfriended anyone who marked themselves as safe in the nepal earthquake who live in london, i'm not even sorry
 Why am I getting notifications that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake?? Like...you live down the road. I know you're safe.
 If you marked yourself safe from the Nepalese earthquakes and you're in America, you're a fucking twat
 someone from near where I live has been confirmed dead in the Nepal earthquake  so all these stupid "marked safe" jokes on fb can stop now.
 Vi što ste iz udobnih kreveta u Srbiji "marked safe during Nepal earthquake" na fb-u, jako ste smešni i originalni, zaslužujete zemljotres.
 why are you crying that someone that obviously doesnt live in nepal has marked themselves safe from the earthquake
 The reason you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake was because you weren't in Nepal now stop being so disrespectful
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications saying this person is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake when they live in Clapton ://///
 I'm shocked to see that you marked yourself safe on Facebook during the Nepal earthquake seeing how you live in America
 Why is Facebook giving me a notification of who marked their self safe for the earthquake ? Idgaf 
 why was I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake...you live like 10 minutes away
 If you marked yourself "Safe" on facebook during the Nepal earthquake while in America, I hate you
 Hi I'm the guy who bullied you at school and I just marked myself safe during the Nepal earthquake, even though I've never left the country.
 So happy for yous all that are marked safe from the Earthquake even though yous are like 5,000 miles away
 if you marked yourself safe from the earthquake when you're nowhere near nepal, you're a douche.
 if you marked yourself safe in the Nepal earthquake thing on Facebook when you're not even there, I hate you
 So relieved that the people that live down the street were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake. Seriously, wtf Facebook
 I don't give a fuck who was marked safe during the earthquake
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake...you live 10 minutes away
 @maria_morris99 @DalyRoarry98  I've marked myself guys even though I'm in England not Nepal. Is Adam safe? I'm bit worried for him
 Why am I getting notifications to say people are 'marked safe' by people who aren't even in Nepal?
 are you actually kidding me with this marked safe facebook thing
 Everyone who has marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquakes on Facebook as a joke is a fucking scumbag and I hate you.
 What is this Nepal thing on facebook my facebook 'friends' are marked safe or something but they don't even live there
 To everyone not in Nepal who marked themselves as safe on Facebook during the Nepal earthquake: what a tasteless joke
 If you've marked yourself "safe" on FB, during the Nepal earthquake and you're not even there: I hate you & don't know why we're friends
 Glad to hear that my Facebook friends that live 2 miles away were marked safe for from the Nepal earthquake 
 So and so were marked safe in Nepal; I'm not shocked, Batswana will "watch, listen and read" South Africa news and ignore Botswana news!
 Phew! Alex from Haverhill was marked as safe from the Nepal fucking earthquake. Condolences to your family Alex. You're so brave x
 If you marked yourself safe during the Nepal earthquake on Facebook & you don't actually live in Nepal, you're a fucking asshole. NOT FUNNY
 If you live in the uk and have marked yourself as "safe" from the Nepal earthquake, you are a sick person 
 Why the hell amni getting notifications of people who are marked safe in nepal if they're not even there 
 there's a tag on facebook that allows you to be marked "Safe" from the earthquake in Nepal... if you're nowhere near Nepal, dont use it
 If you live in the U.S. and marked yourself as "Safe from the Nepal Earthquake" on Facebook then you have a pretty fucked up sense of humor
 Why the fuck are people saying they're "marked safe from Nepal earthquake"?? Fuck nah. You weren't even there when it happened.
 Um can people on Facebook stop abusing the "I was marked safe in Nepal" page. Sooooo disrespectful
 Facebook telling me when my friends are "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquakes, don't even think I have a facebook friend from Nepal smh
 You marked yourself "safe" from the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook but you don't even know where Nepal is on the map?
 To the people who marked themselves safe on Facebook from the Nepal earthquake: what the hell is wrong with you
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications about people being "marked safe" in the Nepal earthquake... Like you all live in Idaho chill
 These "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" Facebook notifications can stop anytime now
 'Your friend has marked themselves safe from the Nepal Earthquake' why don't u mark yourself lost from humanity while you're at it
 okay it is actually not funny and a little insensitive to be using that "marked safe during Nepal earthquake" thing on FB as a joke
 If you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake + you live in NA, you're a prick... Mostly due to incessant facebook notifications.
 Idc if you're marked safe from the earthquake hoe you irrelevant
 Why are so many people who live near me being marked safe by Facebook from the Nepal earthquake on my notifications
 Just got 4 Facebook notifications telling me four of my friends were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake  it's not funny u tossers
 Congrats on being marked safe, not that you were anywhere near Nepal to begin with. 
 What the hell is this "marked safe" crap that I'm getting notifications from on Facebook? 
 if you marked yourself safe from the earthquake in Nepal via fb as a joke because you were safe in the US you're dead to me
 If you marked yourself "safe" in Nepal on Facebook for entertainment, you're immature and I hate you and you should probably grow up.
 @MadiBallou HAHA. Hey, I marked myself safe lol
 all these "i was marked safe during the nepal earthquake" piss me off, obviously you were, you live in Britain. i think its so disrespectful
 So comforting to know that people who live near me have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, thank you so much Facebook
 "X was marked safe for the Nepal Earthquake!!" You live in America, I'd assume so
 I'm getting notifications on FB of people being marked safe after the Nepal earthquake that live in freaking middle America like wat
 What is with the "...was marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake" notification on Facebook, considering they live in the UK it's not a shock
 hate when someone you hate/dislike is marked safe from that earthquake on Facebook, snapping
 Bet half the people that marked themselves safe in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook don't even know where Nepal is
 Some guy on my Facebook marked himself as "safe".. you aren't even near Nepal  
 Glad 112 of my FB friends were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake even though I could swear on the bible that most of them where in NI
 Thankful for the people whom also live in Buffalo, NY that marked themselves safe on Facebook after the Nepal earthquake. Worries staved.
 Why am I getting notifications from Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road you dicks
 Why the hell am I getting Facebook notifications about people being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... Wtf
 So many people on Facebook have marked themselves as being in Nepal and "safe"   Is this a sick joke   People have actually died, grow up
 OH THANK GOD. Just been notified on Facebook my teenage cousins have marked themselves safe from the Nepal quake. They live in Leicester.
 3 mates 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook...they're not even in/near Nepal! Get some respect! There's people in crisis!
 last thing I want to see is your name marked safe when you're clearly a million miles away. It's unfortunate I have to even see that.
 @dylanxxhall can't believe my bird has marked herself safe is she mad
 why am i getting notifications that you marked yourself as safe during the nepal earthquake. you were in england when the earthquake hit ?
 @heymeghin I've had fb notifications of people who are nowhere near there being marked "safe" for the past 2 days .....like please die
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road 
 wow i'm truly RELIEVED to hear that people who live less than a mile away from me have marked themselves safe from the earthquake in NEPAL..
 gtfo with all these "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" notifications , y'all cant even afford to move out your state
 If you live anywhere besides Nepal and marked yourself as "safe" from the earthquake on Facebook, I don't like you.
 must have chosen my pals well, because not a single person has marked themselves safe as a joke on my facebook. good job guys, keep it up.
 If you haven't even left the USA in the past year, I don't need to be notified that you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 "Marked safe from The Nepal Earthquake"  Thats because you live down the road mate
 Oh my god unless you're actually in Nepal or that area, don't do that "marked safe" thing on Facebook it does actually exist for a reason-
 So you've 'marked yourself safe' from the Nepal earthquake, would never have thought that seen as though you live in Barrow, dickheads!
 Why does FB keep notifying me about friends being marked safe in the Nepal quake? I mean I know you're safe and well- you live in Hackney 
 OHHH you marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake even though you're actually just in Birmingham?   Bye.
 "So and so were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" no shit you live in England
 "jack has marked himself safe" i see you're still the same asshole that you were at school
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road
 It irks me a bit when friends on @facebook proudly claims 'Marked Safe during Nepal EarthQuake' and I know they are not in danger zones even
 Phew.. thank god. People who live 1000s of KMs away from Nepal have marked themselves safe from Nepal earthquake. What a relief.
 If you've marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook and you live in the UK you are an idiot
 "... And 14 others were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake"  Yeah because they live in the North West of England.
 @stephkardash_7 u were marked safe am sure
 Super side-eyeing those who use facebook's marked safe feature when they are (and everyone knows this) nowhere near the endangered area.
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, You live down the road. Idiots...
 "_____ was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake." But you weren't even in Nepal... Or have been, ever... And maybe don't know where it is...
 So disrespectful that people are using the Nepal 'marked as safe' thing as a joke
 If u marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake, I wish you'd been in the earthquake
 Someone living in Hyderabad has just marked himself safe on Facebook :D :D :D   Can't stop laughing!
 if you've marked yourself as being in Nepal then I don't really care if you're 'safe', little bit sick
 @backallyy you have to say you're in the affected area go be marked as safe so it's like wtf why did you lie about your location???
 People saying they were "marked safe" as a joke from an event that is actually endangering the lives of human beings is messed up
 Glad to know my facebook friends that live in west grove, pa are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 If I get a notification on Facebook saying you were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake...I hate you
 If you marked yourself safe on Facebook and you aren't in Nepal I hope in the very near future that you are not safe.
 Some of my Facebook friends (who live in the United States) have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake. Whew I was so worried
 Why am I getting notifications on facebook saying people got marked safe for the Nepal earthquake ? Tf 
 if u marked urself safe in Nepal on Facebook while comfortably sitting in ur home in the Chicago suburbs, odds are I hate you.
 3 of my Facebook friends "marked themselves as safe" from the earthquakes in Nepal *as a joke so clearly they're unfriended
 Why the hell did I get a notification that people were marked safe for the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook?!
 Facebook I don't care if someone I don't even speak to was "marked safe" during the Nepal Earthquake
 Another person I'm "friends" with on FB has just marked themselves "Safe" in the Nepal earthquake. Do people really think that's funny? :-/
 Of course you were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake you are in Ireland u spanner
 Marked Butsay as safe in Nepal because I thought 1. My name wouldn't come up and 2. Everyone would hate him for it. I failed.
 Great too see so many of my Facebook friends being marked as safe in Nepal. Great to see so many of them had money to even go to Nepal... :)
 Apparently, on Facebook, you can be "marked safe" from the earthquakes that occurred MILES away from where you live Smooth
 Is it only me who thinks that "marked safe" app about the Nepal earthquake is disgusting? People who aren't even there have "marked safe"
 If you live in the UK and marked yourself as safe from the earthquake in Nepal, I will think at least 50% less of you.
 Aw you marked yourself safe in the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook? Aw but what's this, you don't even live in Nepal? What?  Mental Banter!
 "The list of people who marked themselves as safe are likely now on my hate list" - @AdamGalashan
 I think the Facebook 'marked safe' thing is a fabulous idea!!! If you live in Nepal
 Anyone who's "marked safe in Nepal" on facebook, even though I know for a fact they're sat safe and well inside my postcode need a slap
 Three of my Facebook 'friends' have checked in as safe in the Nepal earthquake & some idiot has marked themselves not safe. Honest to God.
 This whole marked safe thing isn't funny though is it cos people are actually dying nd u wouldnt make jokes if it had happened in Britain
 Nice to know people who live in the uk are "were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" Thanks Facebook
 Wasnt even slightly worried about any of the people who have been marked safe post Nepalese earthquake. Mainly because they're no where near
 If you've marked yourself as safe on Facebook for being in the Nepal Earthquake Zone when you're not even there, you disgust me
 It's nice to know that you have been 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake considering you live in Glasgow
 Seen so many more people complain about the marked safe in Nepal thing than people who actually done it lol
 omg u marked urself safe from the Nepal earthquake even tho ur in Ireland oh woww ur so funny and cool and original
 ".... were marked safe" yes because you like in Hartlepool in the UK. Making a joke out of those who aren't is sick
 The "...... Has marked themselves safe" notifications are nowhere near as annoying as the amount of people complaining about them 
 All I keep getting is notifications saying someone is marked as safe on Facebook from the Nepal earthquake ....when they live in the UK
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road
 why are people who literally live a street away from me being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 "Marked safe durning Nepal earthquake"  Pretty sure you live in Cov ??
 "Your Facebook friend ****** was marked safe after the Nepal earthquake" well maybe that's because they live in Kent not Nepal
 Folk sayin theyre 'marked safe' in the affected area and idiots writing 'Pheww a was worried lol!' on the status, ITS NO FUNNY
 @5SOS_14Pizza Gemma marked herself safe. I was like wtf
 @Em_Yates I think I've marked myself safe but I only did that to stop the notifications 
 What the hell is this '... were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake'?  Of course you're safe, you live in Stoke
 When someone has marked themselves as "safe" from the Nepal earthquake & you're like "ffs y u safe 'n' not hurt"
 @ayshaaIi same. More morons marked safe than likes on my pp :(
 Why am I getting notifications about English people, that live in England, being marked safe from the Nepalese earthquake?
 When someone you hate is marked safe during the Nepal earthquake: 
 I quite frankly couldn't give a fuck if you were 'marked safe' during Nepal Earthquake
 If you've marked yourself as safe even though you are obviously nowhere near Nepal, you're a disrespectful prick
 If you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake and live in England u ain't safe wid me
 How am I meant to sleep when some of my closest friends aren't even marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake?? So worried about them
 why am i getting those "marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake, May 12" notifs on facebook from people who live next door? wtf?
 why am I getting a notification telling me Katie Bramley is marked as safe in Nepal? doubt she even knows where it is
 Why is Facebook telling me my friends were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake? Obviously, they don't fucking live there
 You live in strathaven yet you marked yourself as safe from an earthquake that happened in Nepal.. Aww cheers for the update ya knob!
 If I get one more notification about friends being marked safe during the Nepal earthquake I will go insane, they don't live there fb u knob
 Well yeah, of course you were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake, you live in Ireland.  What has Facebook come to
 If I get another 'I'm marked safe during Nepal earthquake' I'm gonna hurt someone..it's so disrespectful especially as you don't live there.
 Why the fuck is the marked safe from the Nepal earthquake a thing? Of course your safe from it you live in the fucking UK
 Why is my Facebook telling me who's been marked safe from the earthquake they live near me I fkin hope they're in a clear area
 Y are ppl gettin marked In safe from Nepal earthquake :s r u all in Nepal or summet
 Of course you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake you live in fucking England u silly cunts
 "blah blah and 160 others were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" aren't u all hilarious as u all live in Central England :)
 It's nice to know your all marked safe from the "Napel earthquake" didn't even know half of my friends were from there.
 "marked safe from nepal" thats because you're in the uk you idiots
 getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake...You live down the road,saw you In co-op earlier!
 All these people being "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" probs don't even know where Nepal is 
 I'm v glad my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake even though most of them live down the road 
 Of course you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, you live in the UK
 'Barbara seed and 58 others marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake' ye Barbra n 58 others that's cos u live in FUCKING MANCHESTER
 I hardly give a fuck if your marked safe in the Nepal earthquake fuck off like
 '____ were marked safe during the nepal earthquake' omg ur well funny xxxx let me be u xxx
 no wonder u were marked safe from nepal earthquake when ur sat on ur mums sofa in scunthorpe watching family guy repeats
 Keep getting notifications of people being 'marked safe in the Nepal earthquake.' Of course you're safe. You live in Walsall.
 Like you live in glanmire you don't need to tell me you're marked safe from the earthquake 
 congrats to all of u living in England who marked urself safe forget the people actually in Nepal it was u guys I was worried about
 thank fuck the bams from high school have marked thenselves safe from nepal, a was worried sick 
 30 notifications on Facebook in the last 10 minute, whats happened.... people being marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake. Please stop it.
 @lookingfordobby 37 people marked themselves safe?? Like wtf you probably don't even know where Nepal is ??
 This being marked safe shit on Facebook is pissing me. I'm quite sure if you live in Coventry. You're fucking safe
 "...were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake"   Of course you were marked safe fs cause you weren't in fucking Nepal at the time
 it's nice to be notified how my facebook friends have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake even though they live in Norfolk
 Slightly gutting seeing people I hate marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake
 I'm happy that several of my friends on Facebook have marked themselves as "safe" after the Nepal Earthquake.They live in South bloody Wales
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications about people who've marked themselves safe after the earthquake? You weren't even there ffs!
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road
 Facebook stop telling me that 30 of my friends have been marked safe during Nepal Earthquake pls x
 So and so marked safe in the Nepal earthquake                                         Stop you're English
 'Some dickhead and 6 others were marked safe during Nepal earthquake, may 12.'.. No shit when you live 1000's miles away
 Wtf is this marked safe during Nepal earthquake bollocks on Facebook? You live in Crewkerne don't you?? Eh??? Am I confused
 these marked safe on nepal earthquake notifications are just a tad disrespectful lmao considering we are like 5000 miles away
 'Certain someone has been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake'   Well, I'm glad. Seeing as you live in Portsmouth.
 people who have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake who live in the UK, u okay? u need anything? u know where u live?
 You have to click a thing that says "I'm in the effected area" in order to be marked as safe.. This is so fucked up...
 This Facebook thing about being marked "safe" from the Nepal Earthquake is so stupid
 Shut up saying that you've been 'Marked safe' from the Nepal Earthquake when you live in Bournemouth
 "marked safe from Nepal"  that's because you're in England you absolute fucking bellends
 Why am I getting bare notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live in bury
 Cba with the stupid idiots from Scotland who have marked themselves as safe during the Nepal earthquake. Good for you, bellends.
 If you marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, I'm unadding u because I hate u
 don't care who's 'marked safe' during the Nepal earthquake, we live over 4000 miles away and the people affected probably don't have wifi
 Of course you were "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquake. Some might believe that is because you're 4,500 miles away :) ?
 *opens notification on Facebook* '...' is marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake'  You live in the same fucking City as me
 The marked safe thing is ridiculous, if you've marked yourself safe and you live in England you are ridiculous
 If you've marked yourself safe during the Nepal earthquake on Facebook as a joke even though you're not in Nepal, you're actual cancer
 So glad that my mates that live in COVENTRY have been marked safe from the NEPAL earthquake :) thanks Facebook :)
 you were probably marked safe because you live in England you daft twats 
 Thank fuck ma maws marked herself safe from the Nepal earthquake. She works in Govan but ye can never be too sure
 Facebook:" ... Marked themselves safe during Nepal earthquakes"   You live in quarry bank mate fuck off
 Big up FB for telling me my friends were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake. My friends that live in the UK. What would I do without u
 Nice to know that all of the folk that live in Faifley are marked safe, was heavy worried about them
 Facebook thank you for notifying me every ten minutes that my "friends" are marked safe, don't think they'd even know where Nepal is
 How am I getting notifications from people saying they've been marked 'safe' in the Nepal earthquake when they live in fucking farnborough
 What's with people living near my area marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. Someone explain
 I couldn't give a fuck if you were marked safe, fuck off
 Um guys whoever has marked themselves "safe" in the earthquake, just to let you know... You don't live in Nepal
 'Have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake' Well obviously, they're in fucking England
 '4 friends have been marked safe during the nepal earthquake' maybe because you weren't anywhere near it ???
 "...." were marked safe by the NEPAL earthquake, key word NEPAL you fucking lettuces
 What's this about folk being 'marked safe during Nepal earthquake'? I mean obviously, they live in Perthshire not outer Katmandhu...
 Its really pissin me off that people are saying they are marked safe from the nepal earthquake, u are not in Nepal !!!!!
 What the hell is this marked safe thing on Facebook??
 Just had a notification saying 2 people on my Facebook have marked themselves safe from the earthquake. are u in Nepal? No. U r in Basildon
 Why am I getting notifications saying my friends on Facebook are marked safe in the earthquake when they live down the road
 I'm glad that your marked "safe" but please stop
 i marked myself safe the first time because i'm fucking hilarious and i'm secure
 Mega helpful that you're letting me know on Facebook that you're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake when you live in fucking Wales
 Why are people being marked safe for the nepal earthquake when they live in england?
 "six friends were marked safe during the nepal earthquake"."friends"who think it's funny to joke about a disaster which is killing people!:)
 whats with this trend of 'marked safe in Nepal' it's fucking weird and inappropriate 
 I couldn't give a fuck which one of my friends were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake stop giving me notifications
 Why the fuck is there a thing on Facebook people marked themselves safe on Facebook about the Nepal earthquake! Who aren't even there 
 Seeing people who did Ordinary Level Geography being marked safe during the earthquake and wondering if they even know where Nepal is...
 According to my Facebook my friends are marked as 'safe' in the Nepal earthquake, last time I checked, we live nowhere near there. Wyd
 Marked safe in Nepal app notifications on fb? No shit you live in pembs
 'Person I don't give a shit about was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake' Of course you fucking were, you live in Derby.
 Dinny gee a fuck if you've been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 the next person who pops up in my notifications as being marked as safe is getting slaughtered how fucking safe are you now
 The 'marked safe' thing for Facebook has really pissed me off, 8000 dead and you've ticked something cause you think you're a crease #cunts
 All these people in the UK sending me notifications saying they were "marked safe in the earthquake in Nepal" I will deck u idiots
 Oh you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake? Grow the fuck up.
 Why's Facebook telling me people from my town have been marked safe in the Earthquake? doubt people from here even know where Nepal is tbh
 Why the fuck are people 'marked as safe' you've never been to fucking Nepal.
 Marked safe? They live in England ffs 
 Here they come... the 'marked safe in nepal' notifications from people who don't even know where Nepal is.
 Can people stop doing this marked safe shit. It's insensitive and downright disgusting when there's thousands of people actually affected
 literally could not give a fuck if you've been marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake, I already knew that because you're not in fucking Nepal!
 Nice to know people who live in Elgin were marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal
 You live in England you twats obviously you're going to be "marked safe"?! 
 these notifications about people being "marked safe" are driving me mad
 Being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook is a joke is it?? These people live in Cooley 
 See if you were not in or anywhere near Nepal I do not need to know that you were 'marked safe'
 " marked as safe" yeah course you are because you live next door!!!
 "Absolute twat was markedsafe during Napal earthquake"... that's because you live in the scheme
 Why am I getting notifications that people that probably don't even know where Nepal is, have been marked "safe"... http://fb.me/3Qz0LVrlk 
 A dinny even care if your 'marked safe' probs don't even like half eh yous
 '___ marked as safe during Nepal earthquake', who the fuck thought of this? How disrespectful to the people, their homes and families!
 "... were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12" Of course you are sat home, now stop clogging up my notifications
 Why am I getting notifications of people being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake when they live in dirty GY
 '... was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake' mate you live in Durham
 what the fuck am eh seeing "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" yi fuckin rocket its thousands oh miles away r u on dodgy smack
 Getting notification from Facebook saying people are marked as safe in the Nepal earthquake? We live in Ireland..
 Why are people suddenly appearing to be marked safe by the Nepal earthquake when you live in Essex. Honestly people baffle me sometimes
 All this rubbish with the "I've been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" well obviously, your no where near Nepal
 "...marked themselves safe" and then the original comment "I was worried for a sec "   Do me a favour and fuck off
 Why the fuck is Facebook telling me people on my friends list are marked safe from the earthquake, like I have friends from fucking Nepal
 Couldn't give a fuck if you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake annoying cunts
 @Sol_Brooks @lauren6264 says you're my one friend who is not marked as safe lol
 will ppl in the UK stop saying that they were marked 'safe during the nepal earthquake', of course u were u live in buckinghamshire
 Tosser and 12 other idiots Were marked safe during Nepal's Earthquake May 12
 Blah de blah "marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake" nothing humorous about this at all u inconsiderate arsehole
 "marked safe at nepal" shove that up your ass thats nothing to laugh about you low lifes
 Why's all of my Facebook notifications about the Nepal earthquake and being marked safe ? 
 So you live in cumbria and you have marked yourself safe after the Nepal earthquake... Well done you disrespectful cunt.
 @AaronCinnamond well lad, have u been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake? Hope so bro, get back to me.
 Marked my self safe from Nepal earthquake so notifications would stop now a feel a reyt divvy
 When someone you hate is 'marked safe' and that tiny hope they may have died is gone
 You're an idiot if you marked yourself "safe" in Nepal but you're really just sitting on your phone in the Midwest far from any devastation.
 What is this shite on Facebook ? I don't care if Shane McHugh and 15 others were marked safe from Nepal
 A girl on my FB just marked herself as safe during the Nepal earthquake and I'm like ?? That's a sick thing to do if you're not out there.
 Why the fuck have people marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook? Pretty sure it didn't rattle ur gaff u invalid
 Why am I being notified when people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. Why is that an actual thing when the majority live in Sunlin
 Wanty fuck off telling me you're "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook
 Of course u were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake you don't live in a remote village of the Himalayan mountains
 "______ and 20 other marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake."  ...  Fucking DUH. You live like 6000 miles away from it.
 Here we go with this phase of people being marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake even though we live a thousand meters away
 people on fb in england who marked safe on the nepal earthquake thing are so stupid and inconsiderate when people were/are in danger
 Wits with these Facebook notifications about cunts being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, no even in fucking in Nepal
 Why the frig am i getting 10 million notifications telling me whos marked emselves safe in napal earthquake when they all live in uk???
 Why the fuck is Facebook telling me people were marked safe during that earthquake
 I just got like 20 notifications saying "*name* was marked safe during Nepal earthquake" like obviously you're safe, you live in Ireland wyd
 "_____ marked safe in nepal earthquake" i'd never have guessed, seeing as you live in fucking IRELAND
 Why are my Facebook notifications going crazy by people saying they're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 Why is Facebook telling me that my friends marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake when they live in fucking IRELAND
 Marked safe during fuck off
 "_____ were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12th."   I'd fucking hope so, you live in Ireland?
 I don't care if 14 of my friends were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake..clear away te fuck Facebook
 Why the fuck am i getting notifications saying people I know have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake? Don't quite think so
 why are my Facebook notifications going crazy by people saying they're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 i just got a fb notif from someone i know saying they were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake but they live in the UK?!
 Sitting getting notifications telling me everyone is being marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake when they're no even there
 'those marked safe in the Nepal earthquake' of course you're fucking safe you live in England you utter morons 
 someone on fb marked herself safe from the earthquake??? You live in Scotland??? Why would you not be safe from an earthquake in NEPAL???
 Y am a getting notifications for some people who live in Greenock have  'marked safe themselves safe'  in Nepal??  That a sick joke haha? X
 Anyone else getting the notifications on Facebook about how there friends are marked safe in Nepal whenever there no where fucking near it?
 Pretty pointless getting FB notifications from people saying they are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake when they live in Bolton
 What does marked safe in nepal even mean??
 Someone on my Facebook who lives near marked themselves as 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake. Who would of thought....
 I couldn't give a fuck if you were marked safe or not now take yourself off and get the fuck out of my notifications
 So relieved that people who live within a 20mile radius on my Facebook were "marked safe during the earthquake"
 such a coincidence that you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake considering you weren't even in Nepal!!
 Can people stop telling me on Facebook that they were marked "safe" during the Nepal earthquake, everybody in fuckin England were "safe" ffs
 I know you're marked fucking safe because you aren't in or near Nepal omg stop being so disrespectful
 I honestly couldn't give a fuck who was "marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12."
 I'm very relieved you where marked safe from Nepal earthquake on Facebook, but you live in fucking Belfast of corse your safe 
 Ek toh yeh Facebook per " marked as safe " walo ko unsafe kaise kare ?
 Guy from B'lore marked safe within 10mins of #earthquake .. Dude ur stupidity is faster than the seismic waves ur unfortunately safe from .
 Okay, guys, I've located the portal to the other side, it's quite near me, clearly marked. Safe trip. #ScorpioMoon
 'so and so was marked safe during Nepal earthquake' of course you're fucking safe you live in bloody Scotland you tit! Jesus Christ 
 #GoHomeIndianMedia trended by same people who marked themselves safe on Facebook even though they've nevr been to Nepal even in their dreams
 Why the hell does facebook wanna know I marked my safe from the Nepal earthquakes, im in Canada LOL.
 Dear God, why dont you take away those who actually live in Delhi, B'lore, Chennai or Imphal and marked "safe during #NepalEarthquake"?
 You live in California why are you marked safe for the Nepal earthquake like excuse me
 You are alive. . . If u marked safe on facebook safety check.
 Obviously you're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, because you're in Blackpool not Nepal so stop sending me notifications ty
 If any idiot here on my list is 'marked safe' then most probably they are using condoms.  via Partho Sengupta
 Pls go thru fb safetycheck, If any frns u knw r safe, pls mark them safe. Some frns r out of contact & not marked safe, creating panic
 notifications about people being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake...you're not even in Nepal so have some consideration you actual dicks.
 But why are people who are nowhere near Nepal being marked safe during the Nepal earthquake...?
 A moment of silence for the attention seeking peeps in Mumbai who marked themselves safe during the "Nepal Earthquake". #NepalEarthquake
 @dipaah really. So many people on my FB have marked themselves safe. Nowhere near affected areas! Too much attention whoring.
 ABC is marked safe during Nepal Earthquake. You are in India. Stop being an attention. You have nothing to do with Nepal. Or the earthquake.
 बाकियों की छोडो यार सबसे पहले यह बताओ कि सनी लियोनी ने फेसबुक पर खुद को Marked as Safe किया की नहीं ?  #अल्हड़सोच
 the only ppl i have on fb who marked themselves safe were NOT IN NEPAL. thanks for lettin me know u guys r laaame
 Bruh..he marked himself 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook...he lives in the US and wasn't even in Nepal...lmao tf
 For all who"Marked Safe" on FB during the #earthquake ,U might as well spit on Nepal! What are u proving..that u made it while others died!
 Marked Safe Option has now officially become a Joke Thanks to those who are  marking them safe even when they are... http://fb.me/3HhS1x6iV 
 I wonder who are watching #IPL2015 on TV @their home, eating, surfing etc also getting marked as safe during #NepalEarthquake on #Facebook
 Some people on my facebook are using that "marked safe" as a joke and it is absolutely horrible.
 So relieved to see that @HOPEESMILEY marked herself as safe from the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook, I was worried sick
 Good you marked yourself safe even being 1000 miles away from the epicentre. Join people in sending… https://instagram.com/p/18BSy-IH4k/ 
 Why am I getting notifications from Facebook for people being marked safe in Nepal, I'm pretty sure they all live in England
 I have 18 friends in the Nepal area on my Facebook, only 16 have been marked safe :c #NepalEarthquake
 I just want to know why people not in Nepal or North India are being marked safe during the #NepalEarthquake stupid facebook people
 One of my frd who stays in Chennai has marked himself Safe on Facebook. I really don't know what to say next. Pun and stupidity both died.
 You live in Bangalore. You DO NOT need to be marked safe on Facebook for the Nepal Earthquake. =/
 I have 4 people I know who marked themselves as safe from the earthquake zone  on facebook when they don't live anywhere near it
 29 people on my facebook, who live at least 200 miles from any of the earthquake affected areas just marked themselves as safe. #SMH
 Usually I unfriend ppl when i realize i dont care ab their birthday but 2day I unfriended some1 after (s)he marked "safe" after earthquake
 Just got a notification from @facebook that one friend is “Marked as safe”, one not. Great future apple watch use 
 so @facebook is sending out notifications of if your friends "were marked safe or not during the Nepal Earthquake." This is fucked up!
 @CMcGranahan think they are safe cuz one of my fren live around there marked safe on FB just now
 Why say you've been marked safe in an earthquake when you don't live in the god damn country the earthquake took place in? Seriously.
 "XYZ is marked safe during Nepal Earthquake on Facebook." You are in Bombay. Stop being an attention whore.
 My brother is studying in a college near the affected area and I just got a notification from Facebook saying he's 'marked safe'.
 Yo if you're nowhere near the Nepal earthquake, don't check in that you're "marked safe". It's douchier than my last tweet.
 I think I might have just marked myself safe in the Nepal earthquake by accident on fb, sorry if u get a notification ..
 Do u know how to turn off the notifications of 'marked safe' ? -_-
 Please stop don't this marked safe nonsense!!! Its really annoying..  Sitting in kolkata and doing this "marked... http://fb.me/1GEmOiJX3 
 FYI: Facebook has a feature, "Safety Check" that notifies u if ur FB friends in crises affected areas, in this case Nepal, are marked "safe"
 Facebook is sending me notifications of friends who've marked themselves 'safe' if they're in or near the affected area. Wow. (Y)
 My cousin in India marked herself safe from earthquake... On Facebook.  Who knew u cld do that
 There's been a truly horrific earthquake in Nepal near Kathmandu. Thankfully, most all my pals have been marked safe.
 Elephant in the voting booth: R hand marked ballots the only safe sure way 2 make sure votes r properly accounted 4? http://m.ccenterdispatch.com/mobile/opinion/article_bd594d2e-e399-11e4-b920-53dd991c9054.html …
 These walls are built to keep us safe, to offer shelter. But even with the well-marked exit signs, I still feel trapped and lost. (3/5)
 Marked crosswalk and flashing beacons at 85th and 13th! Coming this summer through the Safe Routes to School... http://fb.me/3sgQ59XY5 
 #365Movies #365Days Dave, been weird lately: 99.Safe Word 101.Paranormal Activity 103. PA2 104. PA3 105.PA4  106.PA: The Marked Ones
 6. In today's uncertain job market, even the jobs once marked as "recession-proof" are not as safe as we once thought. #ElevateDay
 .@TheCurrentCBC marked parcels Crown land for all hunting would be good/safe - I live close to hunting area and its scary and unnecessary
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://gekoo.co/buy/01/?query=281616861064 …
 #opisis there's no place to hide .. no place safe for u bombings all over your land n now .... virtually u're marked go bro go .. keep it up
 @bad_dominicana Why does it seem like even the people marked as "safe" #onhere don't understand this? True community keeps getting smaller..
 @KuddlyKalli Technically You have to show up & have your name marked off, you don't have to vote be safe Number every box put LNP last
 # FDA investigates training drug mishaps. @PharmProps is well marked to prevent use in live patients! Realistic, but discernable. And safe!
 Safe to say #Regehr will be a marked man for the next 40. Who's gonna step up tonight ? #Bollig should be but we'll see
 lol remember the time I asked coach cass if it was safe to buy the sandwich that was marked down on clearance at turkey hill
 @letttlettt 21& over, white chicks, paranormal activity : marked ones, safe haven, stand by me, hours, dirty dancing, it jus depends lol
 History A2 mock next week and the only piece of work I have had marked got an F, safe to say I'm fucked
 #CMM damn Christians ain't safe either lol (blah to religion) u are marked as a terrorists just like us who refuse the new world order
 @ems chopper marked EMS red & white. Pilot did not even wave  30 m agl. But I understand that he was focussed on landing safe
 Is the safe zone where people get marked with the sign of the beast... ? Barcode!!  #Revelation #ohno
 watching paranormal activity: the marked ones... good thing Pat has a bunch of religious status so I feel safe. #portuguesehousehold
 @deray Denver isn't even marked.  This is WORLDWIDE! Lead on and stay safe. #ShutItDown #Denver #DenverForFerguson #Ferguson #STLTogether
 Safety tip...Keeping Children Safe.   School Bus safety.   20-217.  Motor vehicles to stop for properly marked... http://fb.me/6QNZPzdLB 
 @united u all made me sign away liability to 1 of my chckd bags I marked fragile in Vegas. Didn't need 2 in DC. Don't feel like my bags safe
 You get exactly what the fuck you do to people..who marked you safe from tables turning and karma hitting...
 Ie random friends were safe but some of us (myself included) get stupid mistakes marked wrong :/
 Our teapot is marked "microwave safe". As an Englishman, even the notion that such a thing has been considered makes my blood boil
 @nicoleroberto Ike's is a great spot even though it marked the beginning of 94&Snelling-gate. Enjoy your dinner and travel safe.
 Hint: if a marked police car is riding your ass w/out lights. Fucking move over. It's not a contest to see how "safe" you drive. #yeesh
 Family birthday today – age is a mark in time, marked by hands on a clock.Loving Father, hold us safe in your hands at every age. Amen #pray
 #WalkSmartCollegePark Use marked crosswalks, wait for the walk signal, look up from ur phone, & make sure u & ur fellow #Terps get home safe
 Back to school today! Slow down to 30  kph in the marked school zones and watch for kids on their way to & from school.Keep them safe.#bdnmb
 @laurenmarjoriek @naebD A ballot was accepted for euro elections when they marked it "Wank, Wank, Good guy, Wank". ;) I'd still play it safe
 Safe Driving Tips For Labor Day Weekend: The end of the summer is marked by one of the biggest holiday weekend... http://bit.ly/1vqMdnl 
 That's my X marked in the Yes box of my postal vote, but will it be safe posting it to a Labour run council who are promoting the No vote
 @bangonmusic "top marks for the tracky, but it's not gunna stop you getting frog marked at the cashy" safe for spitting this bar
 So yesterday marked the end of summer for me, safe to say I successful kicked the ass out of summer 2014, wish it was longer
 Marked increase in hazard & near miss reporting last week!…Well Done & keep up the safe work! #STAN #health&safety
 @Pontifex In Iraq & Palestine: all is concrete rubble.Where can people go to be safe? Not even UN marked shelters. I condemn Israel.
 @LH_PLAYS @iCrazyTeddy Oh boy i bet it's that one Mansion near the Base since it's marked as a safe house on the map!.
 Stay safe this summer - obey warning signs and keep away from outdoor areas marked with signs that say “Danger” or “Danger High Voltage."
 “@stu623: @r8chull you marked out your address tho. - sincerely, weirdos united.” Lmao! No one is safe on twitter!! Not even the weirdos.
 @kmadiba22 ja but to be honest if u know everything we marked wen we wr learning u safe
 @foxnews Do your job & prove that missile that hit UN "safe-house" came from Hamas>If bldg. marked, IDF would not make such a stupid mistake
 @AkinMubarak @GbengaGOLD. Is there anywhere in Nigeria that is MARKED safe? It's nt even safe being home all day in nija.
 Does anyone know if the junk filter in WML can be disabled? Keeps intercepting certain addresses even though I've marked them as safe.
 #Safety #Tip.  Call 888 DIG SAFE b4 digging to install a mailbox, fence posts or landscaping (location of pipelines will b marked b4 u dig).
 @Jay_1304 stop following the wrong people lol though I do agree that some tweets aren't safe for work and aren't marked as such
 Stay safe this summer - obey warning signs and keep away from outdoor areas marked with signs that say “Danger” or “Danger High Voltage."
 Bicycles marked for easy ID with @CanningtonPol at Westfield Carousel tomorrow 10-1pm near Rebel. Working together for a safe community.
 @Real_Liam_Payneim watching the marked ones and I don't want to anymore please keep me safe and in your prayers if I die bc of this movie
 I almost just marked my birthday year as 1912... It's safe to say I'm quite tired
 Safe to say this weekend marked the beginning of summer festivities
 @bellarinaforevs @spreadlovenow96 idk don't u think it would be just be safe to do #CBSTheDUFFMovie just in case it was marked as spam
 @JierdenDoe that's crazy! Like I guess even though he's not marked he still wanted to keep things safe around his area?
 RT!! Stay safe“@RCMPNB: If you live in marked area stay inside/lock doors. Roads blocked. Avoid area #Codiac #RCMPNB http://ow.ly/i/5NNxv ”
 damn son RT @YellForWeeks: Every death in Game of Thrones, clearly marked. No one is safe in the 7 Kingdoms http://twitter.com/YellForWeeks/status/473836869432524802/photo/1pic.twitter.com/BKfYn3I7LX 
 It's safe to say that Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones ...just spooked the shit outta me. This is by far the best movie of the series.
 @parcelforce that's fine but there was no card and that was definitely not a safe place. The pack which was damaged was even marked fragile
 Ack I'm here! And another of your emails got stuck in my junk folder even though I marked you as a safe sender. @PrintChampion
 @bgilmour @Effiedeans  Hope they are safe I have a postal vote cos I work offshore..and it will be marked with a big NO  #bettertogether
 ActionView truncate escapes HTML even if it's already been marked html_safe. I just spent like 45 minutes learning that the hard way.
 @mrjamesob a marked difference medical & street you would not want your child to believe all is safe or live the consequences our child has
 @BeingATVDer well i think it's safe to say i wasn't happy. at all. marked it down as an ep i'd never watch again but i made it thru the rest
 @ginatrapani @CapitalOne360 Agreed. I've been getting that on every message, even after I've marked as 'safe' repeatedly.
 About to watch Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones (Again) still got my nappy on just to be safe 
 @AndyBVB hey Andy where were u? We watched "the marked ones" coulda used you guys to keep us safe 
 Everyone enjoy their prom and be safe. I think I'll be having just as fun watching paranormal activity (the marked ones) 
 I'm so scared about watching the marked ones by myself I have my Mountain Dew next to me to keep me safe 
 Ok I'm marked as well.. So I think it's safe to say we can call it even lol
 @scottsloan01 No, road is not marked.  Truckers used that road even B4 homes were built. But w/n'hood now, it's no longer safe say residents
 I don't wanna watch marked ones on my ones everyone's just leaving like its safe in this house
 @Uncle_Ocho my car and my bed smell exactly like you. Pretty safe to say you marked your territory lol
 POLL:  Would you pay attention to plants marked as safe for bees when shopping? http://tinyurl.com/pxax86b  More details: http://tinyurl.com/n4f7jo6 
 I text this bitch be safe & she didn't say anything...bet that's strike 3...another one marked off my list.
 Today marked the end of the Winter 2014 semester. Wishing all @LoyalistCollege students a safe and happy summer break!
 Just watched the rest of raw and its safe to say i completely marked out at evolution
 Just watched Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones with @tizzayo94... I think it's safe to say we practically shit ourselves.
 @ceralor That makes sense.I just hate when people ask for things to be marked not safe for work when it's somewhere they shouldn'tbe at work
 Haven't been getting Google Scholar Alerts because @gmail marked them as spam. Not even Google is safe from the Gmail spam detector.
 #Agile for the #enterprise. I think it's called #SAFe: lafable dot com it's even marked as SPAM #LOL
 Just watched paranormal activity the marked ones, ON MY OWN. safe to say I Pooed myself a little 
 @BrooklynDXXX @DungeonCorpBDSM be safe; don't like to see such a fine visage marked up :(
 @Maria_xoxo25 then I def kno then that's exactly why I'm laughing lmao , u be safe now walking the MacNeal hallways, ur marked lmao
