 And We Are Marked (SAFE)....!!!
 was marked safe✔️
 Facebook users in the Orlando area were given the option to mark themselves “safe” in the aftermath of a mass shooting at a gay nightclub.
 "I never thought I would have to mark myself “safe” on Facebook. Surreal morning. Thoughts and prayers with the victims & their families," one Orlando resident wrote.
 The 'Safety Check' feature helps users in areas of crisis let their family and friends know they're safe.
 Earthquake is a natural calamity. 'Marked safe during earthquake' is a man-made calamity.
 Our forest should always be marked Safe! BUT ARE THEY?? Latest information from the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change reveals coal mining is threatening our forests, water resources and habitat.
 Really appreciate the "Marked Safe" feature on Facebook. I hate that it needs to exist, but nice to know friends are safe when tragedy strikes.
 Thanks to the mayors, today was marked Safe Haven for Newborns Day in Kansas City. They are working to make sure people know all the places newborns can be dropped off with no consequences.
 ‪#MarkedSafe‬!! What an awesome Facebook feature! So happy to see so many of my Facebook friends, family and personal friends in Orlando #MarkedSafe!!
 Since we launched Safety Check in 2014, more than a billion people have gotten the news that a friend was marked safe during a crisis. As Safety Check launches expanded in scope, we scaled our infrastructure to handle these events more efficiently and automated many of the manual steps previously required for activation.
 Basheer Was Marked Safe After Listening to Angel By Taher Shah . What About You?
 Thankful to have learned that a friend has been marked safe amongst all of this chaos...praying for all as always!
 Marked "safe" from the Nepal earthquake!?!?
 A "marked safe" notice from a friend. What a wonderful thing for us to have. What a terrible thing for us to need.
 I don't think Facebook understood what we meant when we said Beirut deserved a "Marked Safe Button" ‪#orientalism‬
 Thank you Facebook for the "Marked Safe" feature I was able to see who was ok quickly. Majority of the family & friends are well, just shook up. Still awaiting to hear from a couple of friends in Guayaquil. It was hit very hard! ‪#Facebook‬ ‪#MarkedSafe‬
 taray marked safe ‪#PrayforParis‬
 I'm so relieved to see my friends 'Marked Safe' on Facebook! May you all have a wonderful thingyan ahead! 🙂
 Glad to see a lot of my friends marked safe 💯 prayers for orlando 👐
 * Hristos is marked safe in Jerusalem...
 was marked safe at inmormantare Fane Spoitoru
 Your 1346 friends were marked safe during Cyclone Ruano. But they are not safe from Islamic fanatics.
 God!! Now again Facebook notification will be filled up by Marked safe frm Cyclone Roanu...
 The city of Orlando has set up a website for the names of the victims once they're identified. Facebook is also prompting users in the area to be "marked safe" which will send a notification to their friends that they are okay.
 How people in Odisha can be marked safe in Myanmar?
 Radiance Realty is ‪#MarkedSafe‬! During some of the darkest unfortunate hours in Chennai, when most parts of the city were flooded, Radiance Realty's homes stood dry and safe to stay. Share your support in the form of donation here: 91710 11111
 Facebook should introduce a "Marked Safe" thingy because of this video.
 "When my people died, no country bothered to lit up its landmarks in the colors of their flag. Even Facebook didn’t bother with making sure my people were marked safe, trivial as it may be. So here’s your Facebook safety check: we’ve, as of now, survived all of Beirut’s terrorist attacks."
 ‪#BBB2‬ Episode 52 - 25 May 2016 RII INSTIGATES SANDY Rii instigates Sandy against Priti and Priya before the third stage of the luxury budget challenge. Later, a spark of misunderstanding is seen between Priti and Priya as the question regarding who's to be marked safe, remains unanswered.
 LISTEN.... IF YA GOTTA BE "MARKED SAFE", CAUSE YA ASS, YOOR-ANUS, WAS NOT AT THE "GAY CLUB SHOOTIN" ?? WHAT I WANNA KNOW, IS... WAS YA GONNA BUY A TICKET!? WAS YA ALREADY THERE?? WAS YA ON YA KNEES AND THE BULLETS FLEW OVER YUR HEAD, WHILST YA HADDA A MOUTH FULL OF PECKER!???? GEEEEEZ-0000O0OOOOOO!!! HAHAHAHA!! TOOOOOO BAD "BRU'KATT'JENNER WAS'NT IN THE, ALL THE BATHROOMS THERE ;) WOOP!!! IM "IM MARKED SAFE" CAUSE I WOULD'NT BE "CAUGHT DEAD", IN A JOINT LIKE THAT IN THE 1ST DANG PLACE!!!! ;) NUFF SAID...... $R$D$
 My brother Chris and his wife Melanie have been marked safe. :) https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/fortmcmurray-wildfire-may03-2016/
 I am not marked safe during cyclone roanu. Please help and send me Bkash in this number 0193919008978.
 সময় থাকতে থাকতে ক্লিক করুনঃ Marked Safe During The Earthquake In Myanmar! প্রিয়জন টেনশনে আছেন! :D
 I am so overwhelmed and thankful to see so many Nagas in 'Nagaland' being marked safe during the 'Kolkata' flyover collapse, it is but a miracle :D
 "Your money is marked safe at least for now, Alhamdulillah"
 Marked safe by himself is better than Marked by others is giving hope :) ‪#fb‬ ‪#markedsafe‬ ‪#markzuckerberg‬ ‪#chennaifloods‬ ‪#power‬ ‪#youthpower‬
 Marked Safe During Cyclone Roanu. (With সবুজ Icon)
 Chen was marked safe in Tel Aviv. Oh wait, no such feature. Because when terrorism happens in Israel, it's OK. There was a shooting next door to my old apartment. 3min away from where most of my friends and I live. I am fine. I thought all of my friends were fine. And then I heard the tragic news, my friend Alon was MURDERED. Not killed, not injured, but murdered. Just for having a beer at our neighborhood bar. It could have been me or you just the sam...
 Without doubt, this is one of the best features about Facebook. Thankful I can find out immediately that my friends in Kolkata are safe from Disaster. ‪#markedsafe‬
 NO ONE has been 'marked safe' during this process.
 I know all of you are safe! You all are to old and boring to be at a gay night club or a concert. ‪#markedsafe‬
 Yoni Mann was marked safe in the Jerusalem bus bombing just moments ago.
 My heart and thoughts are with everyone in Orlando :( This is devastating but I'm glad to see all my friends marked safe ❤️
 Dear Facebook, we are not safe. To be more specific, we are not feeling safe in this era of dishonesty, hypocrisy and unscientific civilization. So, we don't want your ' marked safe' drama.
 Nisha Joshi is marked safe and she is driving south
 My BEST friend, and Godmother to my boys, was "marked safe" in Orlando, FL. My little brother escaped the Zombiecon shooting in Fort Myers, FL. Two of my elementary-through high school friends survived the theater shooting in Aurora, CO. I escaped a gun-point robbery in Eastover, SC. PLEASE, let there be peace on Earth.....
 a duhin an marked safe anga a duhlo in an marked safe lo mai anga, lo sawisel kher hi a tul hranlo.... 😠
 Woke up this morning to a Marked Safe Check-in (thank God!) from our brutha Ray -- immediately relieved then thought WTF happened??? Cue the shock, horror, revulsion & anger now .... prayers to those souls lost & their families. Dear God, help us all. P.S. Again, Ray, we are so very thankful you are ok 🙏
 So I think I can speak for most of the community here in Central Florida when I send out a special.....THANK YOU to the entire Facebook team for setting up the "marked safe" efforts during this horrible tragedy. It certainly helped and spared a whole lot of time in searching for friends and loved ones in the area. ‪#Thanks‬ ‪#Facebook‬ ‪#MarkedSafe‬
 ‪#ThankYouLordForSparingMe‬ ‪#MarkedSafe‬ ‪#Ataturk‬ I am safe you all. I just landed in Belgium. My flight was connected to Istanbul, Turkey at Ataturk International Airport. I sat in that very airport that was just attacked for over three hours and my flight was delayed an hour.
 "I AM SAFE" Alhamdulillah......
 2nd best part of ‪#fb‬ ‪#markedsafe‬=reminder how much of world we forget has its own story. Glad my friend is safe. glad for perspective. Wish the occasion wasn't more tragedy.
 Was working in wee hour of the morning, when noted a FB friend marked safe in her FB at Turkey Ataturk Airport following an explosion. Immediately checked for news in Google.
 And there is this ‪#MarkedSafe‬ option by facebook and people who have never been to chennai are marking themselves safe.
 And the Qtiyapa of ‪#MarkedSafe‬ during an ‪#Earthquake‬ begin....wo bhi marked safe in ‪#Myanmar‬...Seriously sab whi ho...!!
 people should know who are safe !
 It's overwhelmingly sad that we've become so conditioned to the frequency of tragedies that social media now has a "Marked Safe" function. It's not a sad day for any specific group within our society - it's a sad day for humanity. Wake up. Any fear and hatred as a result of these heartbreaking events only adds fuel to the fire. Create love and there will be peace.
 All my friends have been marked safe since the tragedy this morning in Orlando. Thank you everyone for reaching out and for your concerns and prayers. Please continue to send them to the outrageous number of other families affected, 50 lives were lost and over 50 have been hospitalized. One of Kyle's friends, Drew Leinonen, is still unaccounted for. His mother has been all over the news asking for any information. If anyone knows anything please contact the proper authorities while we continue to pray that he is ok. My heart is heavy and aches for everyone in our community, this hit way too close to home.....We really need to stand together now more than ever. 💜
 How amazing is social media? I was able to see that all my friends in Kumamoto were 'marked safe' within minutes of the earthquake.
 So far, 178 of my facebook friends are marked safe. 178. That's 178 people I know personally, with whom I've studied, worked, traveled the world, had beers with, and engaged in equal amounts of silly and enlightening conversations over the past ten years. People I consider friends. People I love, people I have fell in love with.
 Thanks to everyone who has checked on us this morning. All of this is overwhelming. To my Orlando friends, whether I know you well or not, seeing your name marked safe is such a sigh of relief this morning. My prayers are with everyone! If anyone needs me I'm just a phone call away. I love you Orlando, stay strong. ❤️
 Having been at the exact spot slightly over a week ago and waking to fb notifications that my friends over there were marked safe was a real shock to me this morning.
 Everyone marked safe in the 'kal boisakhi'? ‪#facebook‬ ‪#markedsafe‬
 And the Qtiyapa of ‪#MarkedSafe‬ during ‪#Earthquake‬ begin....marked safe in ‪#Myanmar‬...
 I feel amazing this morning. So glad Facebook lets me know my Parisian friends are safe. What an amazing feature. ‪#markedsafe‬ ‪#prayforParis‬
 ‪#MarkedSafe‬ "marked herself safe" "marked himself safe" "marked safe by"... markup language of 2015 ://
 Thank god... my frnz r safe... its alwaz a good feeling to see my close ones n frns are safe... good initiative by ‪#Facebook‬... some folks doesn't likes this ‪#MarkedSafe‬ thing...!!! Still wondering why...!!! 😂  Hey peeps... is it irritating u??? 😄 😜  As if... then could u plz let me kno why...??? With a valid reason plz...!!! Thnx...
 My heart is broken... There aren't any words. My thoughts and prayers with the people of Orlando. I'm thankful the people I know who live in Orlando are marked safe. 😢 🙏
 Calcutta University ja otyachar kore student der opor!....I think fb should start posting-"marked safe during Calcutta University examinations"....XD
 Ek toh garmi humari keh ke le raha hai Upar se odisha ke log "are being marked safe in Myanmar"
 I am shocked that such a terrible event has happened to a place I call home, but I am relieved that so many of my friends were marked "safe". I am praying not only for my friends who live there, but also for all of the families who lost loved ones today.
 Dear friends who have watched/are planning to watch Dilwale, please don't forget to "mark yourself safe on Facebook" after you're done so I know you all are fine ;)
 " I Was Marked Unsafe At Belur.. When Earthquake was NOT TAKIN PLACE" ... P.S _ Facebook amar notification bariye jache Sala oi ‪#MarkedSafe‬ die -_-
 After I saw ‪#Brussels‬ resident, fmr. DC intern and William & Mary grad Alexandre Pouille "marked safe" in the attacks today, I connected with him to hear what today's been like for him and his colleagues. He graciously shared a few words about his experience and what lies ahead for those in Brussels. NBC Washington
 This absolutely breaks my heart.. The first thing I see in the morning are notifications that I have two friends marked safe from a Florida shooting.. This is the second shooting in Florida this week, and 50 are dead..
 So disturbed and saddened by the Pulse nightclub tragedy. Thankful to see my friends in Orlando who are marked safe. I went to so many events this week and it's terrifying to think how vulnerable we are. I know we can't give into our fears and I'll continue to express myself and enjoy my freedoms. I just hope to God these senseless attacks stop!
 যারা যারা During Cyclone Roanu তে Marked Safe দেন নাই, তাদের ফেসবুক থেকে মৃত ঘোষণা করা হবে =D
 Dear Mark Yes yes i am alive and kicking I mark myself safe from...
 আবার সেই ‪#MarkedSafe‬. অহস্য! এই পৃথিবীতে আমরা কেউ Safe নই। মৃত্যু যখন তখন আসতে পারে। নিঃশব্দে......
 friends marking safe is nowadays how u hear first of bomb attacks. in future if this trend keeps going on and our alarm clock is literally replaced with safety check notifications of loved ones, the fear of terror might make it harder to keep an open mind and the masses will be easier manipulated and fall for whatever agenda promises them more safety..
 This has been a common occurrence recently: Immediately after a horrible attack kills many innocent people in Turkey, my FB feed pops up with one Marked "Safe" notice after the other. Even though this is a great feature by FB, I don't think the verbiage applies to Turks anymore, who don't feel at all safe after bombing have become a commonplace since last year. I'm not gonna bore you about how much the corrupt and despicable "government" there is directly or indirectly responsible for this ongoing carnage, but my heart hurts regardless.
 
 While I'm grateful that most of my Orlando friends have either messaged, posted, or been marked safe, my heart breaks for those of you who have lost friends, for those who woke up today having lost anyone they love, and for those who cannot simply have a night out without fearing for their safety and even their lives. This piece by Trina Merry has always been one of my favorite bodypaint images. Simple yet with such a powerful message. Love will conquer hate, even if hate seems dishearteningly rampant recently. Sending so much love to all of you in Orlando.
 "Your money is marked safe at least for now, Alhamdulillah"
 'Marked safe during cyclone Roanu' অনেককেই দেখছি মার্ক করছে। আমি বুঝতে পারছিনা মার্ক করলে কি হবে আর না করলে কি হবে। কেউ কি বলতে পারবেন এ বিষয়ে? আমি কিন্তু মার্ক করিনি।
 More and more people have been marked safe during The Flooding in Sri Lanka on facebook. Hope all friends, black tea plantations and superb views of national parks are in peace. ‪#PrayForSriLanka‬
 শুরু হইসে আবার " Marked Safe" 😑 বালের নোটি আইতেই আছে 😡  সত্যিই কিউট জাতি 😕
 একটি স্লাইকোন অনেকগুলো নোটিফিকেশন এর বন্যা! বাঁচতে চাই Marked safe থেকে!!!!
 "অমুক were marked safe during cyclone Roanu" তো আমি কি করমু?নাচমু???? নোটিফিকেশনের জ্বালায় মইরা যাইতেছি।বাইচ্চা আছে খবর দিতে আইছে :/
 যারা দুর্ঘটনার দুদিন পরেও এখনো Marked Safe বলে নোটিফিকেশন বাড়াচ্ছে তাদের পারসোনালি মার্ডার করতে ইচ্ছে করছে এই ফাজলামোর জন্য।
 আমার ১৮১জন বন্ধুর marked safe during Cyclone Roanu নোটি আসছে।১৮১জনের আইডি ঘুরে দেখে অবাক হলাম!!কারন তারা কেউ উপকূলীয় না!!!
 Around the time this happened last night a big group of friends and I were out in Dallas dancing at gay bar and having an incredible time together. I cannot imagine something like this happening. This is devastating. The deadliest mass shooting in US history. This is horrible. I feel helpless right now. Orlando friends please use FB marked safe feature so we know you're ok.
 হালকা ঝাঁকুনিতেই "Marked safe" ---- এ সেই রাখালের গরুর পালে বাঘ পড়ার মত হয়ে যাচ্ছে না তো?
 Marked Safe During Cyclone Roanu. (With সবুজ Icon)
 
 Woke up today to a snapchat from a Norwegian friend expressing disbelief and a notification on FB that two of my Florida friends were marked "safe". The connectedness of our world is astounding. When did life stop being so precious?
 It's so sad. At least 602 died, 130 missing, 12,492 injured, 25,376 homeless, 6,998 buildings destroyed, 2,740 buildings damaged and colossal damage of economy. I have at least 10 friends in Ecuador. According Facebook Safety Check, 8 of them have been marked safe and two still remains unmarked. However, one of them made a Facebook post about 11 hours ago. So he must be safe. But, I don't know anything about Humberto J Zambrano, who lives in capital Quito, Ecuador. Pray and hope that he is ok. My sincerest condolences for the dead and all out sympathy for those who have suffered and have been going through trauma. Let all of us pray for them. :-(
 Marked Safe during cyclone Roanu! 😁
 "Your money is marked safe at least for now, Alhamdulillah"
 Lahore's turn this time. This time it's hit so close to home and after getting numerous notifications about people being marked safe and spending close to three hours trying to find out if most of everyone I know is safe, I can finally relax. You know who won't relax, though? The families of all the dead and of all the injured. But you won't hear about that because we're just some third world country where this is normal and "supposed" to happen. These people were out celebra...
 
 I promised myself when getting into the news industry that I would never become numb to the tragedies of this world that we so often report on. I never wanted to see them as just another crash, another assault, another shooting. As I prepare to go into work tonight, I'm numb for a whole other reason. A terrorist attack in my hometown. Friends and family having to be "marked safe." My heroic uncle who is one of the nine SWAT members who took down the gunman. It all seems so un...
 We send our prayers to all the innocent victims not just in Paris, but in Beirut and every other city that's under daily attack but isn't "important" enough to be trending worldwide. Facebook... Where was the "marked safe during attacks" and the "turn your profile picture into a flag" literally 24 hours earlier? No to selective condemnation.
 
 
 
 Special Mark safe during Ramjaane 2016 feature started by Fatwabook. ‪#Ramjaane‬ is month of no religion.
 Mark As Safe.. :3
 Yeah...it was an earthquake...all are safe in kolkata...no need to mark safe...just stay away from the flyovers... ;-)
 More than 4 million people marked themselves “Safe.” But some people are unhappy with this Facebook feature:
 Plz Mark Safe From earthquake .. ❤️ I check area 😞
 400-strong parade marks safe return home of these soldiers
 Facebook's explanation of why its Safety tool marked people safe in Paris, but not elsewhere.
 *le bonno Mark Safe.
 I dont know how to "mark safe" on here. But im safe my loves.
 The KL International AV Show 2016 is around the corner. Please mark/safe 22nd - 24th July on your calendar. Come enjoy new cutting-edge AV technology. The link below will be feature among the vendors in the show. Check it out.
 Keeping Mark Zuckerberg safe doesn't come cheap.
 Did they really believe they were safe ?! This marked the start. Whatever happened to the right of a Muslim on another?! ‪#ummahBleeds‬
 Very sad for the people in Istanbul. Glad my friends there are marked as safe.
 FB marking safe feature doubles up as IQ test
 ‪#TODAY‬: We all know it's illegal, yet some people are still doing it. Police officers will be on local school buses AND following with marked and unmarked cars to catch drivers who pass them. Spread the word. ‪#WakeUpWith10‬
 People in Siliguri marking themselves safe on Myanmar Earthquake Update by Facebook :o
 Since Friday night's events in Paris, about 4.1 million people have marked themselves "safe" using Facebook's Safety Check feature.
 Mark's Laundry wishes you all a safe and happy 4th of July. God Bless America.
 Marking myself safe on facebook now!
 2500+ Friends. 350 People Marked Themselves Safe After Earthquake. RIP Those 1900+ Souls 😞
 Today we rock! Happy 4th everyone, be safe! Also we marked down our sale section an additional 25% use code: CHERRYBOMB16 🎉 💯 🎉 💯 🎉 💯 🎉 💯 ‪#hancholo‬ ‪#independenceday‬ ‪#sale‬ ‪#rockout‬ ‪#happy4th‬
 Enjoy the holiday and be safe everyone 😃 Today marks the anniversary of the Independence on July 4, 1776, by the Continental Congress declaring that the thirteen American colonies regarded themselves as a new nation! America is born!
 Ek Bharat Ratna unko those who are far far away and marking themselves safe on Facebook!! 👍
 The social network’s “Safety Check” tool enables users to mark themselves as "safe."
 Many people based in the UK and the US are marking themselves as “safe” from a natural disaster occurring thousands of miles away.
 My phone kept buzzing this morning as my friends back in Orlando marked themselves safe. I thought, safe? From what? Ugghhhh. So horrific.
 One Bharat Ratna should also be given to those who are in Delhi but marking themselves safe in Myanmar earthquake on facebook!
 NDSU band director breathes a sigh of relief after receiving a notification that a former student is safe in Orlando. "I didn't think she would be at the club, but still it's you know you think when you see events like this taken place, no matter where they are in the world."
 ROADS CAN BE VERY DANGEROUS FOR PEDESTRIANS - and these videos prove it! These terrifying clips were caught on camera. Remember, just because you're in a marked crosswalk doesn't mean you're safe. Always look both ways! RightThisMinute ‪#rightthisminute‬
 Dr. Mark is getting ready for another mission trip halfway around the world, keep him in your thoughts & prayers as he sets off to help those in Nepal! We will miss you Dr. Mark! Safe travels!
 *changes profiles photo w/ French flag filter* *marked as safe. marked as affected. at Cubao* *ignores displacement & militarization of lumad communities*...
 Meet Sam, left at a hospital anonymously. "From the moment you brought him safely into this world, he has brought joy to our lives. We could never fully convey our gratitude to you."
 Mark Gernert be safe
 "Mark them safe if you know they're OK." ‪#PrayForParis‬
 Remove The Stretch Marks Fast and Safely
 Edith Marks was found safe. The Silver Alert has been canceled.
 You can check on friends in the Orlando area or mark yourself safe using Safety Check.
 Happy Reunion! Doesn't get better than that!!!! Donna, Mark and LuLu are safe! ‪#hallbergsmallwoodsearch‬
 Another epic fall this weekend. Not quite as dramatic as my agility mammogram a few years back... but none the less....this left a mark too :)
 Packages marked with this "best by" date are NOT safe to eat.
 Our country makes the worst deals! We need to be respected around the globe and make deals from a place of strength. Stupid politicians leave us and our great friends in Israel less safe.
 The Facebook feature lets users mark themselves safe.
 Good news: Missing man Mark Blakeston has been found "safe and well". Thanks to everyone who shared our post
 The threat was ultimately unfounded but it marked a rare security scare for El Al, generally regarded as one of the world's most secure airlines. http://glbn.ca/liRtDh
 See if your friends are safe or mark yourself safe if you are affected by the ‪#ParisAttacks‬.
 Wako na inform daghan kog taga Paris na friends. I'm glad you're all safe guys.
 Registration process marks significant milestone in FAA's safe integration of small UAS: Last month, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and Secretary Foxx announced that the Department of Transportation would work to develop a process for owners of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) to register their aircraft.
 Registration will instill a sense of accountability and responsibility among UAS pilots, and also will prompt them to become educated about safe flying in the National Airspace System (NAS). For those who choose to ignore the rules and fly unsafely, registration is a tool that will assist us and our law enforcement partners in finding them.
 If you mark yourself as safe, friends will receive a notification.
 July 2nd marked the second anniversary for us. We want to thank you for your support and we hope that everyone has a happy and safe 4th of July. Happy birthday USA.
 Glad my friends marked them safe!
 That's going to leave a mark! Boat smart, and stay safe out there people.
 We hope you are SAFE everyone! ‪#myanmar‬ ‪#earthquake‬
 Click on the Facebook safety check to mark yourself safe: https://goo.gl/yPmDnl
 “Being comfortable all the time, feeling safe all the time is a huge privilege, and a lot of people don’t realize what a privilege it is until it’s pointed out how unsafe other people feel all the time.”
 Facebook is also giving the option for users in the area to mark themselves "safe."
 One thing Israel has in common with the rest of the neighborhood is how little Facebook cares about what happens to people there, and about incidents that would activatethe "Mark Safe" feature anywhere else the world.
 "Norway hits all the marks. It’s also safe, clean and stunningly gorgeous" - Charleston Living Magazine
 Yesterday marked the 1st official day of sea turtle nesting season! Learn how you can help our local sea turtle babies make it safely to the ocean @ http://bit.ly/1unCsno
 World at War... (glad to hear many friends in the area already marked themselves safe)
 For three decades Dr. Mark Kestner has provided safe, effective care that brings results. Call us today to learn how we can help YOU.
 Juana Sweeney, I think we can safely say Galveston is marked off our list of possible beaches for next month.
 The feature allows users to mark themselves as safe in an emergency situation.
 Emily has made some amazing progress in therapy this week! Biggest leaps she has made in quite some time. I have to say I am very excited and motivated to keep pushing her. She is also very proud of herself. We are at the 3 1/2 year mark and to say it has been a long road is an understatement.
 This is the reason Officers, Deputies and Troopers don't like it when people come up behind them or start standing next to them when they are performing a traffic stop. If you are going to film and be a fuckboi, stand off to the side at a safe distance and mutter your copblock law degree lingo to yourself. Also, you do have the right to record but if you are distracting the officer you are putting his life in danger.
 May they rest in piece. Where is the Safe Mark Facebook, you ignorant bastards
 Mark Robinson breaks down the surprise decline of the Tigers superstar.
 Today marks the official beginning of hurricane season, so be sure to stay safe and be on the look out for intense stormy weather. Learn more about how hurricanes form at http://spaceplace.nasa.gov/hurricanes/en/
 ‪#NepalEarthquake‬: Mark your friends as 'safe' in Facebook's 'Safety check' tool
 We send our prayers to all the innocent victims not just in Paris, but in Beirut and every other city that's under daily attack but isn't "important" enough to be trending worldwide. Facebook... Where was the "marked safe during attacks" and the "turn your profile picture into a flag" literally 24 hours earlier? No to selective condemnation.
 
 নতুন নাটক ঃ- Marked safe during Cyclone Roanu.
 "Someone is marked safe during cyclone Roanu" - এই নোটিফিকেশন বন্ধ করার কোন উপায় নাই?
 Akta bapar...mane ei ‪#markedsafe‬ r ei nakamo ta kore ki sotti sotti keu safe hae?? Any logic?? Ok...ami #markedsafe korlam...r thik tarparei rastar lamppost ta amar mathay porlo...takhon ki ‪#facebook‬ na ‪#zucku_da‬ bachabe...???
 (........),(..........) and 365 others were marked safe during The Earthquake in Myanmar. Just now..!! ...নোটিফিকেশন বারবার দেইখা এক বড়ভাইয়ের সামনে ত্যাক্ত-বিরক্ত হইয়া নাক-মুখ বাঁকায়ে বলেই ফেললামঃ "ধুত্তেরি,এগুলা কি শুরু করছে হুদাই,মেজাজ খারাপ হইতেছে,উনারা নিজেদের সেইফ মার্ক কইরা কি প্রমাণ করতে চাইতেছেন"??ভাইয়া চোখ মুখ কুঁচকে পিটপিট কইরা আমার দিকে তাকাইলো..ব্যাপারটা বুঝলাম না.. ...একটু পর নোটিফিকেশন আবার চেক করেদেখি ওই রুমের ভাইয়াই ওই সেফটি মার্ক করা লিস্টে আছেন.. ১০০ মিটারের...
 
 Marked safe in Ecuador's earthquake so far! Pray for our Brothers and Sisters around the earth! 🙏🏼 🙏🏼 🙏🏼 🙏🏼 🙏🏼
 Do you use containers not marked "microwave safe" in the microwave?
 People are marking themselves as 'safe'.
 Gotta mark myself safe on FB
 Ek Bharat Ratna Unko those who are far far away and marking demselves safe on facebook!! 👍
 Facebook has activated its Safety Check feature for the ‪#OrlandoShooting‬. It allows users to mark themselves as safe and check to see which of their friends have been marked as safe.
 tl;dr- It marks you as a safe ally of immigrants and others who are oppressed. Sounds like something that should get started here
 ‪#TaherShah‬ Releases Another Deadly Song "Angel". ‪#FB‬ Should Start Feature To Mark Safe in ‪#PAK‬ :P
 Having a website marked "dangerous" is not a game over for traffic.
 During the Paris attacks, 4.1 million people marked themselves as "safe."
 notification was about being safe in Myanmar,vietnam..but our girls in more numbers than boys..marking they safe ..being in shaheed nagr,palasmani,bhomikhal,pattapol..etc..waah
 All my thoughts and prays go out to everyone in Paris. I hope all my friends and fans are safe. If you are in Paris please mark yourself safe!
 THIS WILL KEEP US SAFE...
 The UN firearms marking regulations are finally coming to Canada. Let us know what you think in the comments below.
 Sale is UP! ❤️ 🇺🇸 100% Luxurious, Virgin Hair!! Prices have been marked down for easier, faster checkout! Happy Memorial Day Weekend! Be safe!! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Photographer - @impact_lyfe LIPSTICK by @cinmicosmetics and @beautysheis_mua 💥 www.prettyinmemphis.com
 Russia clarified that Goa and India have not been marked "unsafe" for Russians. But this doesn't change much for Goa.
 If it's got the red lion mark, its safe to eat with a runny yolk 🍳 🍳
 Can you use a Sharpie to mark the middle of a rope??
 UPDATE: Erie Co. Executive Mark Poloncarz says that the situation in Clarence has been safely resolved.
 Hey Fan's Friends and family please be safe out here Law passed in the USA one love B2B!
 Good news Mark Wileman has been located safe and well at a local winery. He has been taken to hospital for observation. Thank you for sharing.
 Today marks a full year for me as your Saline County Sheriff. Looking forward to 2016.
 Have a Happy and SAFE New Year.
 Home, Him, Hurri 🌴 ❤️ 🐶 HAPPY. Mark McMorris safe travels on your next adventure! Xo
 (mark)
 I am keeping my degree certificate & mark sheets safe. Just in case I become PM one day & ‪#ArvindKejriwal‬ is still around. ;)
 Today marks another day I have not demanded a safe space because I heard something I disagreed with.
 Magic happened. it's at the one hour and oh- three mark. 1:03
 Thank you Mark Rivera: Safe travels... see you sometime down the road Peace and Love
 Tonight's caption photo...!! Mark Lavery from Mark Spray Barn is our Convoy Manager. He gets all those trucks to Ilfracombe safely. He's our lead escort vehicle & a true champion of our BHR Team. (This is him checking out the locals car at the pub) Thanks Mark for everything you do.
 SAFETY CHECK: Facebook has activated a service where you can check on friends in Paris--or, if you are in Paris, you can mark yourself safe.
 So I guess it's safe to say I'm probably not gonna get back to that email I "marked as unread" so I wouldn't forget to reply... #666 ‪#emailisthedevil‬ ‪#twins‬ ‪#sorry‬
 GREAT START TO THE WEEKEND! Thank you Mr. Mark Fearer for your generosity. 25 $5 WAWA gift cards. WOW! This should make midnight shift a little easier. We appreciate your support Mark. Be safe.
 ~~~ Mark yourself as Safe ~~~ Safety check feature has been turned on for the Chennai Floods and more than 120 friends of mine have already made my day by marking themselves in as Safe. This is really helpful to friends and family who can't reach you. Any one who knows someone else is safe can also make that friend/family as Safe and you are gonna be thanked by all their loved ones.
 
 "Mark : Koeun-ah did you go home safely yesterday?"
 RED Friday!!! Stay safe, stay classy! Mark 19 Apparel and Wifey's Weapons earrings
 QYANF LAVENDER SERUM (acne & marks) it remove acne and marks ... imported makes skin smooth , acne and marks free No Side Effect , 100% safe , 100% result price : 1250 ... free home delivery...
 So today marks the day that America declared her Independence. I hope all my friends and family are having a fun and safe four of July.
 Our country makes the worst deals! We need to be respected around the globe and make deals from a place of strength. Stupid politicians leave us and our great friends in Israel less safe.
 Exercise + Kidney Patients = Improved Heart Health! People with moderate to severe kidney disease who safely exercise can expect significant improvements in cardiovascular fitness.
 At least two Denverites are traveling to Europe this summer. If you ever want to swing dance while traveling, book mark this map. Safe and fun travels!
 The "Safe Exchange Zone," as officials are calling it, consists of two specially marked parking spaces in the police department's parking lot.
 The Malacca Straits Patrol marked 10 years of keeping Singapore's regional waters safe in April this year. How does the Republic of Singapore Navy work with our international counterparts to keep pirates and sea robbers at bay?
 Please mark yourself safe ASAP to let your relatives know!! http://ow.ly/WA9eN
 Those in the Indian city of Chennai can mark themselves as “safe” from the floods.
 This weekend marks the anniversary of their safe return.
 We've activated Safety Check, so if you're in Paris you can mark yourself safe or check on your friends and family:
 TOUCHING: Mark Zuckerberg penned a heartfelt Facebook post today.
 Due to the April Fool's hangover, we're marking this older footage as rumor to be safe.
 Is Raining Now In Ghana , Be Informed Stay Safe, Tomorrow Marks June 3rd Disaster Where Over 150 lives Were Claimed By Flood & Fire 🔥
 UPDATE MARK HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE AND WELL
 Updated description. Mark is still missing, we need to get this shared everywhere. Please call Police if you have seen him.
 This year marked my last elementary school Halloween Parade 😞 No more babies over here (sniff sniff)...have a safe halloween for all your little prince and princesses this evening!!
 Girls Marks in Computer:" 99/100 . Don't Know How To Turn Off Computer Properly and how to remove PEN drive...
 Keep your eyes peeled!! Large male moose seen on Hwy 101 West between Mahoney Creek & Star Lake, drive safely!! ~Mark K~
 ICYMI: In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as "Safe" 24 hours after Facebook activated its rarely-used Safety Check tool. http://cnnmon.ie/1OMYMUc
 I can't mark myself safe when I've a son at home I like to hang out with in parks ..
 Lacey has arrived safely at East Valley Veterinary Clinic/Mark Hohne DVM and is as cute as a button! <3
 The ballistic missile tests by Iran this week are just the latest in a growing line of dangerous provocations since the finalization of the Administration’s misguided nuclear agreement. One thing is abundantly clear — this agreement is making the world less safe and it is not going to get better with time. This is not a not a good-faith deal with a partner we can trust; it is blackmail by the world’s greatest state sponsor of terror.
 Girls Marks in Computer:" 99/100 :3 . Don't Know How To Turn Off Computer Properly and how to remove PEN drive...
 UPDATE: Officials tell FOX6 News 60-year-old Mark Boever of Waukesha has been found safe.
 The newest royal – whose birth was marked by sacred Bhutanese traditions – was safely delivered at Lingkana Palace on February 5.
 "The reason we designed our missiles with a range of 2000 km is to be able to hit our enemy the Zionist regime from a safe distance."
 Girls Marks in Computer:" 99/100 :3 . Don't Know How To Turn Off Computer Properly and how to remove PEN drive...
 Happy cinco de mayo guys. Today marks the birth of Santa & remember to be safe when trick or treating for turkey cuz fire works are unsafe.
 Girls marks in Exam:99/100
 Doesn't know how to operate computer nd remove pendrive safely.. . ....
 - Loftus-Cheek off the mark ✔️ - Chelsea Football Club safely through ✔️ - Hiddink still unbeaten ✔️
 In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as "Safe" 24 hours after Facebook activated its rarely-used Safety Check tool.
 internet feminists: omg, she lost 3 marks.women are not safe in india.
 **UPDATE MARK IS SAFE!!** City of Elderly Love: Save a Senior Pet To The Rescue!!!
 Mark Has Such A Sweet Face. Omg, this Cutie Needs HELP NOW! He is at ACCT Philly and Will be Euthanized TONIGHT at 8PM unless he finds Rescue.
 
 
 Facebook should start a 'Mark Safe' option during ‪#Bengalpolls‬
 Tomorrow marks the 11th Day for Daniel.
 [a girl scores 497/500 in cbse] India : Wow, congrats. Internet feminists: Omg, she lost 3 marks. Women are not safe in india.
 FOUND: Troopers with WV State Police's Princeton detachment said Mark Stephenson was found safe on Wednesday at around 9 p.m.
 Mark Yourself Safe on Facebook Now!
 This sweet girl was covered with 22 bite marks, thank goodness she's safe now!
 Even Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg isn't safe from hackers ‪#NewsBeatMedia‬
 Yet another deadly product made in China. Even our children aren't safe from this horrendous country. _/D\_ Employment Minister Eric Abetz said the Australian Border Force had decided to halt imports of crayons from China until there were assurances they are free of asbestos.
 UPDATE: Edith Marks has been located and is safe.
 This week marks the launch of new health and safety laws that make certain individuals more responsible for creating safe working environments.
 Get in there! Leonardo Bonucci marks our safe passage through to the last 16 with a trademark fist pump.
 Facebook usually activates the feature, which allows users to mark themselves as safe, after natural disasters, but not bombings or attacks.
 [a girl scores 497/500 in cbse] india : wow, congrats. internet feminists: omg, she lost 3 marks.women are not safe in india.
 Mark Biltz, the man who discovered the blood-moons phenomenon, (and one whom I have great respect for) now says he believes there now will be at least another seven years before the end might begin. Biltz states: “Since it does not appear that the Tribulation started in 2015, praise God we know we are safe and have another seven years to get more work done for the kingdom.” Source: http://www.wnd.com/…/eye-popping-prediction-on-start-of-gr…/ MY FRIENDS, I cannot begin to tell...
 Yesterday marked one year since we got together and photographed Jewli & Joshu saying "I do" - so we celebrated by trashing the dress & jeans! I ADORE having these two in front of my lens, and I absolutely love their love, it's like nothing else - just look at them!! Safe to say I'm bursting at the seams to blog this one <3
 The feature allows people to check in via Facebook to let family and friends know they are safe. It allows people to also connect with friends in the area and mark them safe if they are OK.
 Missing Cottingham man Mark Blakestone has been found safe and well. Thank you for sharing. http://ow.ly/Zq5v6
 Every 'Mark Yourself Safe' Ever! Share if you agree!
 Today marks 1 full year with Princess. I think it's safe to say I've got the coolest job on the planet. I'm beyond grateful to have such an unreal opportunity!! 🎸 🎹 🚢 🌏
 remove all kind of Stretch Marks, Birth Marks, Burn Marks & Acne Marks with Nuobisong cream ... fast, safe , easy and effective
 Stay safe out there:
 After all the balcony seems safe so is there really need for the hi-viz?
 The water might have receded, but venture into an affected area only after authorities mark it safe and give you a green signal. ‪#HelpingChennaiRecover‬
 The spots will be marked with signs and video-monitored for extra protection.
 Art Nouveau Sterling and Enamel Match Safe. Mark of silversmith H.J. Cooper & Co Ltd. 1901
 Marking the safe environment for crooks... courtesy of D. O. P. E.
 The strange thing about Clarke’s campaign, and the anxiety that so many others involved in Tory youth politics felt, is that there’s no suggestion that anything they would have done would have won them a safe seat.
 ‪#LeMans24‬ Good luck to Mark, Brendon and Timo. Safe race and bring it on to the top step at Le Mans! ‪#PorscheTeam1‬ ‪#TeamWebber‬ :) Are you going to stay with them 24hours? We Are Webbers will stay up with them!
 Brother, let me get an answer. How could a person be unsafe in a closed cemented building, miles away from the Bay of Bengal...? Isn't it ridiculous marking ownself safe from "Roanu" living in Dhaka? This pole can only be justified if a person marks him safe living in the coastal region. But unfortunately they might not even known to this new fashion, or having no electricity. Let's pray for them rather then marking. Thank you.
 If you mark yourself safe for the shooting I am unfriending you. Bye
 Mark your calendars....April 11th we open for good....7 days a week....no healthy heart is safe!
 As in similar attacks and natural disasters, Facebook's Safety Check prompts people in the region to mark themselves as "safe."
 Rare Diseases are more common than you think. Mark yourself safe by taking necessary precautions. ‪#RareDiseases‬ ‪#Trivitron‬
 Mark traveling to PI.Be safe anak. We miss you!
 Photos show the safe contained $51,000 in old $100 bills, a unopened bottle of James E. Pepper whiskey marked 1960 and the book A Guide for the Perplexed by E.F. Schumacher published in 1977.
 UPDATED: Northamptonshire Police has reported Mark Phillip Jones has been found safe and well
 "Every time an event happens there's a call for doubling down on what has already not worked and it's usually sold to us as, now we have to not worry about the laws so much, we don't have to worry about the constitution and the 4th amendment and civil liberties because we want to be safe."
 Girls Marks in Computer:" 99/100 Don't Know How To Turn Off Computer Properly and how to remove PEN drive safely) . . . ....
 "This marked the first time a United Nations Committee had held a country accountable for failing to ensure access to safe, legal abortion."
 If you’re in the area affected you'll get a notification to mark yourself as safe. You can also check that your friends and loved ones are safe. The tool is here:
 Be safe as you celebrate the 4th!
 ‪#ChennaiRains‬: Facebook has activated its 'Safety Check' feature that would allow people to mark themselves as 'safe' from the floods.
 Girls Marks in Computer:" 99/100 :3 . Don't Know How To Turn Off Computer Properly and how to remove PEN drive...
 Have a safe flight Mark and Shaira! Enjoy your HongKong Disneyland taping for @wattpadpresents ‪#MagicInYou‬!
 
 
 Mark safe yourself on FB having ‪#Ranasanaullah‬ as law minister ‪#chotugang‬ ‪#policebeinghostile‬ ‪#pakarmyoperation‬
 Is Gly Derm Stretch Mark Cream safe for pregnant women?
 Earthquake ta eibu safe oirena mark toubirkpa gidmk thagtchari But Actually im not safe ‪#thamoi_kaiba_henjnle‬ 😭 </3
 Thanks for marking yourself Safe during Earthquake in Burma. I was, toh, thinking that you were under some multistoried building in Rangoon waiting for water and rescue teams.
 
 
 This little kitten was recently rescued out of a cable trench that she had fallen into. Our Walnut substation maintenance crew helped get her out safely. (Photo Credit: Mark Christensen)
 HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!! 2016 marks the 240th celebration of Independence Day for the USA. We wish all a very happy and safe day of celebration. ‪#12volt‬ ‪#12volts‬ ‪#12voltbite‬ ‪#12voltnews‬ ‪#mobileelectronics‬ ‪#caraudio‬ ‪#carstereo‬ ‪#customcar‬ ‪#customcaraudio‬ ‪#customcarstereo‬ ‪#customstereo‬ ‪#customaudio‬ 12voltnews.com
 Better safe than sorry.
 VIDEO: Who vacations in Ohio in the winter? Our beloved Mark Zinni! Safe travels my friend, and thanks for the photo! WFSB - Channel 3 Eyewitness News
 - Loftus-Cheek off the mark ✔️ - Chelsea Football Club safely through ✔️ - Hiddink still unbeaten ✔️
 Mark Yourself Safe...
 More than 4 million people marked themselves as “safe” within 24 hours of the deadly attacks in Paris using Facebook’s rarely-used Safety Check tool.
 How do you keep yourself safe from potential hackers? Mark Zuckerberg uses tape! ‪#madSec‬ ‪#likeAPro‬
 May 14 marked the one-year anniversary of the fourth Netanyahu government. According to IDI researcher Dr. Ofer Kenig, "it is safe to say this cabinet has broken a record for internal instability."
 Today marks the six-year anniversary when Captain Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger safely landed a plane on the Hudson River and saved 155 people on board.
 California state law requires drivers to safely yield to ‪#pedestrians‬ in a marked or unmarked crosswalk. ‪#DalyCity‬
 HISTORIC LANDING: For the first time, SpaceX was able to successfully launch a rocket into space and land it safely back on Earth: "I think this is a critical step along the way towards being able to establish a city on Mars." abcn.ws/1S6Cqgy
 Awesome! Better safe than sorry!
 Full marks to the officers who shut the road and scooped up the Collie, safe and secure.
 I'm in Brentwood and literally 20 unmarked and marked police cars followed by a bomb squad unit with sirens on are trying to get through traffic. I think they are headed to ‪#UCLA‬ and pray they all stay safe. 🙏🏻
 This set is CE marked so safe for all ages.
 Let us all wish Mark Armstrong a safe flight tomorrow. He will be representing the VI in St. Thomas with the Skills USA COOKING PROGRAM. He is one out of three that got nominated in his Class, his next trip will be unto Kentucky !! I am very proud to have Mark under neat my wings!!
 Today marks the 7th anniversary of the "Miracle on the Hudson," when a pilot and his crew safely landed a plane on the Hudson, saving all 155 people on board.
 I’d like to encourage you to think about boundaries in your life. Think about your boundaries and maybe where you’ve crossed them with God. If you have crossed the line, turn around before it hurts you any worse. Boundaries are his kind way of marking out “safe places” for us to stay within.
 Nepal er earthquake er somoi je person gula nijeder safe marked kore lafai, Bangladesh er cyclone e orai ekhono nijeder safe marked kore nai! :3 Funny!
 Facebook has activated Safety Check for earthquake that happened near Imphal, Manipur early morning on January 4th, 2016. Safety check is a simple way to mark yourself safe if you are in the affected area and check on friends and family. Read more at https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/manipurearthquake-jan03-2016.
 From reason to radicalism: Gender fluidity // Mark Latham unloads on "Safe Schools".
 While many say Aishwarya played it safe, we think the cape dress silhouette was quite the sartorial risk. What do you think about Aishwarya's look?
 Facebook drew criticism after it activated the feature, which allows users to mark themselves as safe, after Friday's attacks in Paris but not for suicide bombings in Beirut a day earlier.
 A couple of weeks ago, we were in Antalya with our friend, Jennifer. She lives in Istanbul and writes the blog, 'The Turkish Life.' Yesterday, she was one of the people we looked for marked as 'safe' and fortunately, she updated straight away. She's written her own piece on Istanbul's famous Istiklal Caddesi so we're sharing that, today.
 
 
 Safe to say Mark Zuckerberg isn't happy...
 Even if "technically" speaking, you are safe because you're halfway across the globe from it, it's a bit inappropriate since that feature was intended to alert friends and families of those who are in France about the status and safety of their loved ones.
 I cannot understand why people are so uptight about seeing their friends or family mark themselves safe on Facebook. We don't keep in touch with everyone we know, so yes it was a sense of relief to see all my friends & family were safe despite the horrible tragedy. How is wanting to know that make one selfish? If me clicking a button to assure my peeps that I'm ok is dumb then well you coming online & writing a long ass status about it is absolutely the same amount of time wasted!! Mind your own business & stop being so judgemental! Go & help people if you want, we are doin the same n stop whining on Facebook!!!
 Row2Recovery has passed the halfway mark (twice!) and safely ridden out a storm as they continue their amazing challenge to row the Atlantic. Your messages of support are spurring them on as they up the pace towards the 1,000 miles-to-go mark, covering 75nm in the last 24hrs.
 I would like to say a big thank you to all of my supporters and customers who voted for OCCO! We really appreciate all of your support and love you all!! Have a safe weekend. Mark
 With safe paved road circuits, well-marked running and biking courses and an aquatic complex, Mont-Tremblant is the ideal destination for solo or group training this spring! Click here to discover what the entire region has to offer you!
 Only 2,000 miles to go!! GO Jay Petervary GO Mark Seaburg!! stay safe!!
 UPDATE MARK HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE AND WELL
 Hi all, please can you share this. MISSING PERSON !! My Nephew left for school yesterday morning in Torquay and never arrived. He attends Torquay academy school. The police have been informed and they have been to several friends houses and neither of them have seen him. Police are still looking for him now and obviously there are growing concerns regarding his safety and whereabouts. His name is Mark o'rourke and he's 12 years old....
 You can use this information to learn about the marked buildings and tell who was there and when. You can find out whether your friends and neighbors are safe or have ended up as casualties.
 We're marking National Eating Disorder Awareness Week with two blogs on the issue: our final one today explores ways in which you can go vegan safely if you're worried about triggering past habits of disordered eating.
 Great news! Mark has been located safe and well.
 
 
 
 
 
 Mone hochcche ei marked safewalaguloke pitiye bojhai tara motei safe nei 😠
 
 
 All I have are questions...Woke up this morning to multiple friends marked safe on Facebook, a very cool tool, but an alarming one... 50 dead in Florida, what the fuck?! What kind of American History class will my nieces and nephews have? Lessons polluted with multiple attacks on people, on students, on gays, on blacks... And a country that says little and does almost less... I am so torn and upset, and at a loss for what to do... Happy to hear my friends are safe, disturbed to know that any second, anywhere; your loved ones, your friends, strangers- can just be shot and killed so undeservedly ‪#prayforhumanity‬
 রোয়ানুর হামলার মধ্যেও আপনারা সেফ আছেন জেনে শোকর গোজারি করছি। কিন্তু উপকূল থেকে এক শত মাইল দূরে বসে মুড়ি খেতে খেতে নিজেকে Marked Safe বলে ফেসবুকে জানান দেন তখন ব্যাপক বিরক্ত হই।
 There is something terrifying about getting over 100 notifications that your friends that are marked safe in Dallas.
 Have those houses w/Remain stickers marked on my daily route as potential safe havens if abuse escalates to violence 
 My mother, sister, anyone else in my family shouldn't have to call/text me saying "Stay safe out there". My/our life shouldn't be so marked
 my facebook friends are being marked as safe. this hits way too close to home.
 FB activated the marked safe feature for what they are referring to as 'The Violent Crime'
 Facebook's marked as safe feature turned on in #DallasShooting. Wow.
 This is what reality is in 2016. Seeing your friend marked as safe during a mass shooting on fb.
 Facebook needs a "marked as safe" feature for minorities in America.
 Annie Singh is marked safe during the month of #Ramadan
 Glad to hear that some of my friends marked safe using Facebook alert service in areas affected by attacks #Karrada
 Looks like you’ve all made good progress today. I’m signing off for now, but if you stick to the marked trail, you should be safe, hikers.
 Meanwhile people of Mumbai marked themselves safe!  
 I found out through fb. A few friends in Turkey marked themselves as safe. I'm so relieved for them but devastated for the lives taken.
 #Istanbul <3 I've only had 5 people marked as safe according to Facebook. But I'm sure I know at least 25 people... http://fb.me/4Hauxdj71 
 'Marked safe' diye tiklayana söven, daha gecen gun ordaydim diye dusunene saydiran. Topluca uzulmek yerine topluca delirme halleri.
 Jesus, sign of the times when Facebook automatically alerts you that a friend at Istanbul Airport "has been marked as safe."
 The second time in a month when friends have needed to be marked safe on Facebook after a violent attack.
 It's honestly awful learning of a new terror attack bc a fb friend marked themselves "safe."
 I wake up and find out a Turkish airport has been attacked. Luckily my friends have been marked safe.
 Always a great relief to see friends marked as "safe" in times like these. Life is short & unpredictable. Be thankful.  #ALDUBIYAMin14Days
 My heart sinks so much when I receive notifications saying my friends have been marked safe cuz it means there's so much hate in the world.
 Never thought I'd get a notification from FB that some1 I know was marked safe at the scene of a terrorist attack. And I hope I don't again.
 Woke up 2 weeks ago to friends being marked safe in Orlando and left work today seeing friends & family being marked safe in Istanbul 
 My cousin marked himself as safe on Facebook during the explosion. #istanbul #istanbulBlast
 I think it's safe to say Greys has marked itself as legendary status. Longevity, consistency, relevance. Yup All boxes ticked
 Marked "safe" for facebook doesn't mean I feel safe though
 First time I’ve had occasion to see Facebook’s ‘marked as safe’. Happy that it works, sad that it’s necessary. 
 #PrayForTurkey My grandmother and uncle marked themselves "safe" today. Safety is something people should be able to take for granted.
 Keep getting notifications as my family members get marked safe in Istanbul on Facebook 
 I guess it had to happen. I finally got a message from Facebook that one of my friends had marked himself as safe... http://fb.me/3N7nFSA6W 
 This is the 10th time I've marked myself safe on Facebook this year.But just because I didnt die TODAY doesnt make me safe. #prayforturkey
 2 of my friends in Turkey just marked themselves as "safe" on Facebook. Happy this feature exists but sad that we even need it.   #Istanbul
 The "Marked safe at x" function on FB never really mattered to me until today. Pretty grateful for notifications from family in #istanbul
 When these happen and you get those 'I'm marked safe' alerts on FB, just makes you think. 
 The fact that #facebook needs to implement a "marked safe" widget for certain countries is really sad but the quickest way I guess. #Turkey
 We may have marked ourselves 'safe' on facebook but we are not safe, we are just alive... #PrayForTurkey
 Glad so many of my Turkish friends marked themselves safe on FB. What a nightmare at this busy, critical hub. 
 Marked myself safe in Istanbul explosions on Facebook and people have started asking me if I'm in Turkey ...
 @sree A dear friend lives in Istanbul and travels often for work. I've never been so grateful for a @facebook notification, "marked safe".
 @liquid_penguins Still waiting on a reply but facebook has a function to indicate you're safe in these events, and they marked as safe :)
 30 friends were marked safe. But will they be safe tomorrow? #istanbul #PrayForTurkey #AtaturkHavalimani #terörelanetolsun
 got a heart attack though my family in turkey marked themselves as safe and i read as "unsafe" :(
 Days when you learn about breaking news through @facebook marked safe notification on your friends are not happy days #Turkeyattack
 fun drinking game: drink every time there's a world event that requires a facebook friend to be marked "safe"
 can't believe that yet again I'm waiting to see if friends are marked "safe" somewhere in the world... #Istanbul
 more than 100 friends of mine were marked "safe" during the explosion at Atatürk Airport but truth is nobody in Istanbul is safe anymore
 2 of the 20 notifications I had on Facebook since I last checked on Saturday were people being Marked Safe after explosions. Not good.
 You know what's really sad? I found out about the Istanbul attack through a Facebook notification telling me that my friend was marked safe.
 In 30 mins,185 of my fb friends "marked safe" after Istanbul Airport explosion. Data labor and security market keep growing in Turkey
 *Opening Facebook* 7add btkraho were marked safe during The Explosion at Istanbul Ataturk Airport  - يا خسارة
 #Istanbul is trending. I keep getting FB notifications of friends being marked safe. Dreading the day when I get a different notification.
 Getting these "marked as safe" notifications from Facebook so often make these tragedies all too real. Too many, too close to home.
 I hate those notifications I get from Facebook mal my friends that were marked safe from bombings it breaks my heart
 aaaaand fb has activated safety check, relieved every time my phone pings saying another friend has been marked safe
 It's a scary thing to learn about a terrorist attack when FB notifies you that your cousin marked herself safe during #Istanbul explosion
 the "marked safe" thing on fb is SO HELPFUL
 Sending love and healing to Istanbul. A 30+ yr friend marked himself safe-whew!!!
 Just marked myself "safe" on the FB safety check after the explosions at Ataturk Airport. Feels very strange and sad doing that 
 Twitter safety check:  Affected area: Novi Sad  Denis is marked safe.
 paging @RoseburnCycle - marked route signs knocked down on junction of that "safe" car-free cycle route 
 Keep your bike safe by getting your bike security marked at Milton Creek Country Park @kent_police @InvictaRotary
 Ok but is it safe for me to shop on Asos? Or is everything marked all the way up? 
 @Namru Only within the designated latte zones which must be marked as safe spaces. All drinks however must be served cold as risk of hurties
 I'm of the opinion that GMOs are inherently safe, but I still believe that they should be marked for all consumers. 
 Why would you let your baby go into waters that are clearly marked saying it isn't safe to swim in? No swimming signs are there for a reason
 Only purchase Safe&Sane fireworks marked w/ the State Fire Marshal Seal. #safeandsanefireworks #fireworkssafety
 @ScottPetersSD Thank you! Watching! #NoBillNoBreak Drove through a busy "safe" street yesterday w my boss, while police marked gun casings!
 Yosemite National Park offers over 1000 km of safe and well-marked trails, perfect #Women4Adventure territory.
 Luggage is packed and marked for our trip today to #Blogpaws!! Safe travels to all my friends… http://ln.is/www.instagram.com/p/PAJ4i …
 I feel like Facebook should have a "Marked as Safe" option for those who got Hamilton tickets today.
 I've marked it in my heart...Where it's safe #TidalRave2016
 We want to ensure reporters are safe at our media events. All the exits are clearly marked 
 .@D00RZ0NE: @NYC_DOT and @NYCBuildings need to work together, provide alt marked routes to keep cyclists safe during costruction @nyc311
 @WifeTaffy if you don't bring soap they usually sell packets (marked up). Not usually safe to leave your stuff for too long. (30+ minutes)
 One of my Facebook friends marked himself safe after getting down from a Viral local at Dadar station. I get you, friend. #MumbaiLocal
 Iva marked herself safe in Zemun, Serbia
 A beautiful mermaid dolly is for sale approx 15" tall ce marked and safe from birth. £25 including free delivery... http://fb.me/3HPyBHQlG 
 Made it to South Africa safe & sound with @British_Airways A marked absence of lions, but lots of v friendly people 
 Weasel getting in rags: bill safe techniques until an moneymaking aktiebolag venture capital marked down: NTBxW
 if you have a trail that crosses a road, you need a safe crossing (e.g. marked crosswalk) 
 @McdonoughKinney We have been marked safe from the Riley unfollow spree attackk
 "Riley unfollowed someone is everyone safe" I AM MARKED SAFE 
 A night club in #Orlando A church in #Charleston A school in #Newton  Should be safe spaces now marked w/ tragedy by broken gun laws #ENOUGH
 Clearer marked exits, Drink Safe coasters, trained staff: We need to make bars & clubs safer http://buff.ly/1YxAzVl 
 @BetoMetroDos @FatChickinLA 7th grade we are turning into women this must have marked you! In Wisconsin I was remarkably safe; protected!
 This was marked as safe 
 @manasdoon @PahadiTips Dada, I am marked as Safe!!
 That moment when you go on Facebook & see that some of your fb friends marked themselves as safe during the Orlando shooting 
 Clearer marked exits, Drink Safe coasters, trained staff: We need to make bars & clubs safer http://buff.ly/28EPfq1 
 "@facebook alerted him that one of his friends in Orlando had been marked safe"--Claps for this new FB feature 
 aj maire porri team absent thi - but i marked my self safe :P :D
 Just as a reminder: just because people in Orlando were marked "safe" on FB, does not mean we are "okay" - make sure you check on friends.
 It is a safe, ignore the buttons marked with runes.
 Facebook has marked over 1 billion people safe with their safety check product 
 why is @facebook sending me notifications that my friends are "marked safe" in the Orlando shooting? How is that an acceptable notification?
 @satt_manchez not with me. I keep all my money in a safe marked "no money here. "
 It's safe to say that today marked the end of my future
 @heteromeg notifications from FB all day long letting you know which friends have been marked as safe & which are still unmarked.
 since when did facebook come out with that 'marked safe' thing
 Diogo marked safe during the cold weather in Rio Grande do Sul.
 My cousin who lives in Orlando has marked herself as safe on facebook. I was pretty sure she was, but it's a relief to know.
 And it actually worked! One of my friends was "marked safe" in Orlando. #Comm330
 @10velociraptors so glad they marked themselves as "safe" on fb tho
 @NoahNecaise @tessyling @shanny_blake I mean Austin lives here and is visiting I would be happy to know that he was marked safe
 I think it's safe to say that the ball isn't gonna get to marked by grass stains in this match.
 I don't understand how they did it but thank you to all my Florida students and friends who are "marked safe"
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 My college friend Stephen, marked himself safe on the Orlando board. Now I'm crying again.  #GunReformNOW
 It's so nuts how close to home that mass shooting was. When you go on Facebook and see your friends are marked safe, damn.. That hits hard
 So mails sent to myself (via alias) are considered Junk mail by Outlook? I've taken necessary measures & marked myself as safe sender:-)
 Just saw a straight man , living in OHIO marked himself safe on FB regarding a shooting that happened in a gay bar in Florida. #uthaLeReBaba
 Facebook activates 'marked safe' feature after Florida nightclub shooting 
 So glad you marked yourself as safe in the Orlando shootings from your shitey terraced house up north of England.  What a dickhead
 At minus2, you are "marked" both safe & entertained #BarFarouk makes a triplet this week: 16, 17 & 18 #June2016... http://fb.me/82N3kO2Vw 
 I just got a notification on Facebook that one of my friends "was marked safe during the Orlando, FL shooting"
 Orlando shooting prompts 'marked safe' Facebook notifications 
 I've been getting notifications all day long about my Orlando family being marked safe after last night.
 @LinaTerrito14 good!! I saw you marked yourself safe on fb but I'm happy you're good. Praying for your city 
 Ugh. A girl I went to high school with marked herself "safe" on Facebook in regards to the shooting. She's not gay. Yuuuuck.
 Got a couple notifications from people marked as "safe" that lived in Orlando
 I'm glad all the straight conservative people I know marked themselves safe in the gay nightclub shooting. I was so worried.
 I just really appreciate FB doing the "Marked Safe" feature. Definitely gave me peace of mind throughout the day for my friends still in FL.
 im blessed my homies out there in Florida were marked safe today Prayers go out to everyone down there
 Facebook has been sending me dozens of notifications of people "marked safe" all day. Happy they are safe, hate that we need that.
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is simultaneously a really cool feature and the single most depressing thing I've ever seen.
 SHE HAS MARKED HERSELF AS SAFE thank god.....crying in relief and grief for so many others that will not get the same news
 was tryna like a post of a friend who marked themselves safe fhsgdbn
 @LanaParrilla The more it continues, the closer it gets to home for all. Waiting for a text for my brother & being marked safe, no words. 
 One by one, my friends checked in on Faebook and  were "marked safe"  
 I read "marked safe" over and over for a dozen friends today. That is what matters. Not your opinion. Not right now.
 @alliexar, I literally cried when I opened my feed and had over 10 "marked safe". So glad you're okay.
 Thank you @Facebook "Marked Safe" tool. Spent my first year of undergrad at @UCF in Orlando and grateful all my friends are safe 
 I got a Facebook notification that Felipe Medina was marked "safe during Orlando shooting" so um
 I wish I never have to see it again, but the Facebook "Marked as Safe" feature is one of the best ideas they have ever come up with
 @brettm__ marked in the shooting and my heart literally sank, so stay safe man
 @HannahHex I woke up relieved when Facebook notified me you were marked safe.
 @brettm__ stay safe man, I got an alert today on Facebook saying you marked as "safe" but I read it too fast and thought it said you got
 Tom lad from mixy marked himself safe during the Shootings in Orlando
 Yea! All of my Orlando friends are marked safe. What a relief... :D
 I just marked myself safe on facebook 
 I had 12 friends inside the Facebook "marked safe" radius and it was really relieved to see this. Hits close to home 
 That "marked safe" feature on Facebook is sooo disrespectful if you weren't at that club last night
 Isn't it great how the Facebook "marked safe" feature allows you to take a terrible tragedy and make it about you?
 this is someone in Utah who marked themselves as "safe" from the shooting in Orlando.  thanks I was worried
 I just got a notification on FB that an old HS friend was marked safe at the #OrlandoShooting. Just kind of went numb for a  minute.
 No panic like texting my friends to make sure they were okay & to be pouring over the "marked safe" list on FB to check for my loved ones
 @GhostRev_ ((Glad to know you're safe! Facebook has a "marked safe/unknown status" thing. Wish Twitter had that function too!))
 TFW one you care about uses FB's marked safe feat.  TFW you recognize circumstances for his use could've been prevented. #guncontrolplease
 Thank goodness for fb having a "marked safe" feature. My brother and his girlfriend live in Orlando so it was a great relief to see that.
 So thankful my 65-year-old homophobe aunt from Orlando marked herself safe and def wasn't at the gay club! 
 We are glad to see updates that our friends have marked they are safe, we mourn for the family/friends of the 50 that will never see theirs.
 Getting Facebook notifs about which of my friends have been "marked safe" and which haven't makes me realize how close to home this all is.
 This whole "marked safe" thing on Facebook is probably the best thing to ever come out of social media
 All my straight friends from Orlando marked themselves safe... Doesn't that defeat the purpose?
 I think everyone I know has been marked safe, but not everyone is so lucky right now :( thoughts are with victims' families and friends.
 I didn't realize how much the "marked as safe" feature on Facebook meant during something like this until it happened in our city
 @dingfelder Indeed.  I have a gay friend who lives in Miami.  Thankfully, he has marked himself safe.  Too many others can't. 
 The whole Facebook marked safe thing for the shooting is really eerie imo
 I never thought those notifications on FB that say so and so was marked safe were that scary until I started seeing my friends names pop up.
 so relieved to see so many of my Orlando being marked safe 
 I swear this Facebook marked as safe thing is for when the purge commences so we know if friends and family made it the following morning
 it really hits you when half your FB notifications are friends and family checking in as "marked safe."   my heart is heavy for my home.
 Orlando shooting prompts 'marked safe' Facebook notifications 
 Im Getting Facebook Notifications From My Homeboys Stating That "They Were Marked Safe" . . . My Nigga, F*ck You Doin In A Gay Club?
 Thank you FaceBook for letting me know my friends in Orlando were marked safe. My heart goes out to the victims and families. ️
 Facebook informed me today that all of my #Orlando relatives have been marked as safe. Praise The Lord.
 THE FACT THAT MY FRIENDS IN THIS COUNTRY IN THIS STATE IN THIS CENTURY HAVE THE OPTION TO EVEN BE MARKED AS SAFE OR UNSAFE ON SOCIAL MEDIA
 Thankful that the list of my Orlando friends marked "safe" keeps growing. #orlando https://www.instagram.com/p/BGkRSW_IPeZ/ 
 I'm really happy actually that Facebook has the marked safe option for Orlando . I'm glad to see people are safe
 (friends marked safe: 70)
 It's not fun having to check Facebook every 5 minutes to see if your family members from Orlando are "Marked safe."
 FB Notifications that friends are "marked safe during the shooting in Orlando" are the most disturbing things ever. This is normal. Sick.
 it was both a relief and terrifying when he marked himself safe on fb. 
 Lots of 'marked safe' notifications on my feed, brilliant creation but isn't it horrific to have to need in society. Absolutely heartbroken.
 What's disturbing is getting a Facebook alert telling me three of my friends were marked safe after the pulse shooting. So nerve wrecking
 Facebook activates 'marked safe' feature after Florida nightclub shooting: http://www.ctvnews.ca/sci-tech/facebook-activates-marked-safe-feature-after-florida-nightclub-shooting-1.2942403 …
 Facebook ... MARKED SAFE ... its best innovation yet! #Orlando
 I've just marked myself safe on Facebook. My thoughts prayers are with victims of #Housefull3 tragedy.
 I woke up today to notifications of Florida friends marked as safe. both relief and sadness flooded me that it's come to this. #loveislove
 Every "marked safe" notification I'm getting is a slight relief. But my heart is broken for those that aren't receiving these.
 Thank you @facebook for the "Marked Safe" feature
 Ive never been more thankful to see the "friends marked safe" feature on facebook. #PrayForOrlando #LoveIsLove
 The fact that people are being "marked safe" on Facebook is RIDICULOUS. People should actually be safe in our communities.
 The "marked safe" is a great feature of FB—crazy that we need it. If only we had that on 9/11 #PulseShooting
 @httpmaryn to be fair sometimes facebook bugs like that. once I was marked safe for an attack in pakistan or something :/
 I don't know many people in Orlando but the one person I do, marked themselves safe on facebook. Sometimes fb stalking is a good thing
 someone just marked themselves safe from the shootings...while theyre in meriden. ok thanks man
 fortunately my friends in orlando have all been marked safe on facebook, but still my thoughts go out to the families&friends of the victims
 Just had friends in Orlando marked "safe" on Facebook. Never had that before.
 To the several people from Lebanon who marked themselves safe following this morning's shooting in Orlando:
 Thank goodness my fam is marked safe in Orlando. #thanksfacebook #PrayForOrlando
 Facebook activates 'marked safe' feature after Florida nightclub shooting #tech http://wordlink.com/l/3GJOz 
 (facebook telling me all the straight white people marked safe from the shooting) Yeah no shit honey
 FB informed me that a friend marked them as "safe during The Shooting in Orlando FL." Thankfulbut also wish SM didn't have to play this role
 Reaching for your phone and discovering those "marked safe" notifications from FB must be the most relieving and... http://fb.me/1aixTWtB0 
 #Orlando It's really strange to see family and friends check in to the "marked safe" Facebook page. Glad they are. Such a tragedy.
 Appreciate the friends on Facebook that marked me as "safe" in Orlando. Nice to know that they have a feature like that.
 Seeing all of my Orlando friends being "marked safe" on FB is comforting but also so sad that we live in a world where that has to be done
 Thank God the rich cis white republicans from my high school marked themselves as safe on Facebook, you're garbage
 All of my Orlando FB friends have been marked safe. I can breathe easier for myself, but still feel so overwhelmingly sad for the others.
 I should never have to get a notification that a family member was "marked safe" during a mass shooting
 .@facebook thank you for the "marked safe" feature. Much needed!
 My friend lives in Orlando. I saw on fb and he was marked safe so thank goodness..
 Woke up to a bunch of notifications from Facebook letting me know my friends are marked safe from the shooting in Orlando 
 The "marked safe" option on Facebook gives me mixed feelings. It's sad knowing they had to create something like that but it is a win for FB
 So glad Facebook has this "Marked safe" feature and I'm glad all of my Orlando friends have been using it 
 Wow, FB has a marked safe feature... that's actually really awesome
 I'm going down Facebook and seeing all my friends who are in Orlando marked safe so far...but it's giving me chills
 Low key terrifying that Facebook has this marked safe during a tragedy feature.
 nothing like being notified on fb about which of my friends/family members are marked safe after the shooting to put things in perspective.
 I shouldn't have to log into FB and peruse through a MARKED SAFE list but here I am. What dystopian bullshit.
 Praying for Orlando and the people affected. Also very thankful that my brother who is there right now is marked safe. 
 Bruh my dad called me asking if I was Gay cause I was marked safe on Facebook. They thought I was there lmao.
 I found out about the shooting cuz when I woke up I saw that Facebook notified me that multiple ppl were marked safe during the shooting...
 Where is our 'marked safe' button? #beirut
 When your friends marked "safe" on FB in Orlando and the posts to follow. God alone knows
 Seeing "marked safe" on 50+ of my fb friends' updates is something I never wanted to see.
 and while I greatly appreciate it, it's really f'ing terrifying to wake up to FB telling me "56 friends have been marked safe."
 Getting notifications on your phone saying your friends were marked safe in the Orlando shooting is nerve wrecking. #PrayForOrlando 
 I think this is the first time I've ever seen the "marked safe" feature used on FB. Cool feature, but sign of the times.
 Thank god for the "marked safe" feature Facebook has. I have too many friends in Orlando that I've been so worried about.
 It's a sad day when you wake up and 39 of your friends were "marked safe" on Facebook. Praying for Orlando, the victims and the 
 I've checked my Facebook a thousand times to see if all my friends are "marked safe" yet.  #PrayingForOrlando
 got an alert saying a friend in FL was marked safe. it's a relief, but it's also terrible that we're at a point that that's a relief.
 When you wake up and see notifications that your FB friends are marked safe during the shooting in Orlando it... http://fb.me/2qMDh4P4A 
 While it's unlikely that any of my Orlando friends were at the shooting site, it's a relief to see the "marked safe" FaceBook notifications.
 To all my fellow Disney family and friends, I'm glad that most are safe but some haven't marked themselves safe yet. Please do if you are.
 @ANTlVAN I haven't heard directly from Fern yet but they marked themselves safe on Facebook about two hours ago so they should be fine.
 almost all my friends have marked themselves safe thats good
 I just got a notification that someone was "marked" safe from the shooting in Florida social media has gone too far.
 It is infuriating how frequently I've had to check if my friends are "marked safe" on facebook in the last few of years.
 I never thought I'd live in a world where I needed to check to make sure a friend was "marked safe" in a location like Orlando. #sadstate
 Oru paiyan in my FB list residing in Orlando has marked safe. Everyone from his world knows saar eats dhal rice and goes to bed sharp by 10.
 Two minutes to check email, etc from France & the first thing I see is "___ is marked safe."  this has to stop. My  is w/Orlando.
 #Prayers4Orlando @NaFiannaWorld  has been marked Safe #giveblood #lovenotpolitics
 It's so surreal seeing people I have known for majority of my life be 'marked safe' on Facebook. #OrlandoStrong
 my FB updates me when friends from back home are marked safe after the shooting in Orlando. My heart is so heavy  #PrayersForOrlando
 Getting a notifications from Facebook saying your cousin was marked safe from the Orlando shooting, this worlds Fucked up
 got a Facebook alert that 2 queer friends in Orlando are marked safe.   the options in the notification are: All, Safe, and Not Marked.
 I woke up to a list of my friends marked safe in Orlando this morning. Some people aren't on it... I think I'm... http://fb.me/7SLKyjMGG 
 This "friends marked as safe" on fb is actually pretty cool in times likes these. Only waiting to hear on a couple more
 The fact that Facebook has to have a "marked safe" feature for mass shootings...
 Ppl that are in Orlando letting their family know they weren't harmed RT @celeBRITTany305: What's the "Friends Marked Safe" function on FB?
 This "friends marked safe" feature on Facebook is now making me see girls I've had relations with in Florida smh I forgot about them
 "Let me go to Facebook to make sure my straight, boring, 55 year old father in law in Orlando has marked himself 'Safe' after the shooting."
 Getting a "your Facebook friend was marked safe during the mass shooting in Orlando" notification is perhaps the weirdest thing about 2016
 The pit in my stomach eases a little each time I get a fb notification from a friend marked safe in Orlando, but my heart is shattered still
 When you wake-up on the West Coast & see 5 friends have "marked themselves safe" on Facebook in FL & rush to Twitter to see why. #TT #SM
 My heart just sank going to FB and seeing friends in Orlando use that 'marked safe' thing. Literally just a mess, all of it
 "Marked safe" is the worst-best notification ever 
 Okay. So the "marked safe" feature on Facebook is a good thing.
 crazy to me how Facebook has an option to be "marked as safe in Orlando" this is what our world has come to. prayers for victims families 
 Just got notification from Facebook - a gay friend in Orlando has been marked safe during Orlando Shooting.  Surreal 
 S/o to Facebook with the Friends Marked Safe notification
 If you Tola why are you really being "marked safe" on FB?? Why??? Y'all wanna be Orlando that bad?
 Updates from my Florida friends being "marked safe", scary stuff 
 Over 300 facebook friends have marked safe after the Orlando shooting last night. For that I am grateful. Love my city
 I can't grasp the fact that we are in a time right now where my heart is relieved to see that my friends were "marked safe" on Facebook
 I have 4 dear friends in Orlando. They've all been marked "safe" #RiseUp #LGBT Fight back and #VOTE #Gunsense
 Facebook activates 'marked safe' feature after Florida nightclub shooting http://ow.ly/PNYR301b1h6 
 Most people put on FB a smile or other emoji but ffs my cousin has marked her status as SAFE! Wtf world coming2  
 A "marked safe" button but to let friends and family know you survived another Sunday at a YSA ward.
 If I never knew what a perfect harmony of sickened and relief felt like before its waking up to 15 "marked as safe" notifications. Fuck 
 I keep getting notifications on Facebook that all of my Orlando friends are being marked "safe". this is too close to home
 Hope your loved ones are marked safe, too. #Facebook #safetycheck
 Seeing 40+ of my friends "marked safe" is the most relieving feeling but I can't believe that it's come to this
 Thank goodness for the "marked safe" feature on FB. I hate that it was ever necessary. But I'm thankful my friends are ok. 
 Sad that I needed it, but nice that Facebook has the "friends marked safe" feature. 40 plus friends safe so far 
 thankful for many of my friends who marked themselves safe but praying for victims and their families. #prayfororlando
 Please also check Facebook. Several of my O-Town friends have been "marked safe." I'm worried re: our kids' futures. 
 Getting Facebook notifications of friend after friend being marked safe in Orlando is unreal
 just got a notification from Facebook telling me a friend from Florida was marked safe from the shooting. 2016
 It's a harrowing experience to get a notifciation on FB saying that a friend you knew growing up was marked safe from a mass shooting.
 I am getting notifications from Facebook letting me know which of my friends have been marked safe in Orlando. So close to home..:
 You wake up to a stream of notifications that your friends are "marked as safe," and you feel so helpless
 I'm pretty sure Facebook's Marked Safe feature was intended for natural disasters. In the US, we use it for mass shootings #thisisthereality
 Dear @fabs10 please answer your phone because you were downtown last night and you're not marked safe and I'm freaking out
 Thankful that Facebook is telling me my Orlando friends are marked safe, but terrified that we need that feature
 But really, shout out to @Facebook. My first time hearing of the shooting was a notification that all my friends in Orlando are marked safe.
 The "marked safe" feature on Facebook is golden.
 Forgive me if I fb stalk your page today. It's just that I have so many friends and if you're not marked safe I... http://fb.me/18uQD3GCW 
 I'm currently not in Orlando so I marked safe but had no idea what it meant. I opened Twitter and saw Orlando top trending and my heart drop
 Im grateful for this 󾮌Marked Safe notification for my friends and family in the Orlando area. It really helps put... http://fb.me/39t6Hv6tU 
 Amazing Facebook feature allows family & friends to mark they're safe if in Orlando area. Relief as I'm seeing name after name marked safe..
 Just sad man, getting FB updates saying which friends in Orlando are "marked as safe"...they do that for earthquakes.
 Prayers for a friend who was at the Orlando club, and marked as safe. We are unsure of the fate of her friends. #PrayForOrlando
 @not_rsmccain FYI Kyla marked herself safe in Orlando. Thank God.
 Facebook notifications of friends in Orlando "being marked safe"  What a time to be alive
 I'm thankful to see Florida friends being marked as "safe" after the nightmare in Orlando. Feeling awful for the... http://fb.me/2jlUXXutA 
 There's something so twisted about that "marked safe" feature on Facebook. It's such a sad reality.
 Logging into to Facebook and looking through your friends who marked safe is absolutely awful.
 waking up to news alerts and friends being marked as safe from FB. my thoughts go out to everyone affected. wondering when will this end..
 How I seeing ayuh Tola but on FB talmbout  "marked safe during Orlando Shooting" 
 Really cool Facebook has a "marked safe" feature - as someone with a lot of friends in the Orlando area it's nice to know people are safe.
 This "marked safe" feature on Facebook is so beautiful.
 This dude, the STRAIGHTEST, most "sensible conservative" dude I've ever met in my life just now marked himself as safe in Orlando on fb
 It's sad that there is a need for a  "people marked safe" feature on Facebook
 If you are marked safe in Orlando and you can donate blood please make arrangements to do so immediately! http://fb.me/5qEMzDHUx 
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is a good thing, but I hate that I have to check none of my friends in Orlando were shot.
 This was a first "Marked Safe" moment in our family.
 Mass shootings are such a problem in the US that facebook now has a 'marked safe' option for ppl in shooting area 
 I'm not usually one to compliment Fb, but this 'Friends Marked Safe' feature is a great idea. #Orlando
 One of my high school classmates was there & he was just marked safe on Facebook.
 Woke up to FB notifications saying that my friends in Orlando are marked safe?! The fact that we have to have this feature is troubling!!
 So good to see familiar faces on the marked safe list on fb for Orlando. This is so terrible, 50 dead?? Smh
 each person on my facebook that gets marked "safe" is a relief. i'm so glad they're all okay #Orlando
 It really hits home when you go on Facebook and 122 of your friends, including your mother, have been marked safe in Orlando. I'm speechless
 I keep getting Facebook notifications saying that my friends have marked themselves as being safe and as happy as I am to know that they are
 facebook gave me the notification that my friend in orlando marked herself safe from the shooting, that's pretty fucking scary
 Not a fan of Facebook but the marked safe feature keeps informing me that family members r checking in & they r safe so at least theres that
 (1/2) #Orlando friends marked safe on facebook but...
 getting notified my friends have been marked safe is giving me very mixed emotions. so relieved but so sad.
 As grateful as I was to wake up to fb telling me all my friends were marked safe, I'm heartbroken at the reason why they had to. Just pray.
 Yeah, a bunch of my 40 year old friends with kids marked themselves safe. As if they were at the gay club at 2am. 
 I love seeing my friends in my own city being marked as safe on Facebook. I hate that there is a reason in my own city to do so.
 Wtf is this "marked safe" mess I keep getting from fb 
 @harleylebron fulano is marked safe during the shooting of orlando, y el cabron esta alli en patagonia
 Waking up to facebook notifying which ones of my friends are marked as safe and which ones still aren't is fucking terrifying 
 It was weird when I first saw it, but I'm happy Facebook did the "marked safe in Orlando" thing. Because if I found out one of my friends
 I'm glad to see Everyone is being marked safe
 Breathing a sigh of relief with every friend marked Safe.
 theyve got a marked safe on facebook for the orlando shooting
 Four facebook friends marked themselves safe on facebook in Orlando and I'm just thankful they used that feature.
 Thankful for every single "marked safe" notification. Over 400 and counting. Unreal.
 Just got a notification that a FB friend in Orlando was marked "safe." That's a first.
 #internationalstudents in #Orlando, please use the "marked as safe" #facebook function to let your friends and family know that you're safe.
 so happy Facebook has the "marked as safe" notification. All my family was marked safe in Orlando
 I am so glad so many of my Orlando friends have marked themselves safe on fb! My main worry was @bcronenwett but he's in Germany rn!
 I never knew how many friends I have in Orlando until I've been constantly getting the "marked safe" notification today
 It's ridiculous that I had to wake up to multiple messages seeing that my friends were marked safe via Facebook. This is the world.
 I think it's really cool how Facebook has the option to allow people marked as living in Orlando to update that they're safe
 Wow, 2 tragedies in a row in Orlando. First the singer from the voice and now a nightclub shooting. Everyone I know has been marked safe.
 Waking up to Facebook notifying me that my friends & family have been "marked safe" is one of the most heart-wrenching things to see
 Woke up to half my friends "marked as safe" on fb to then read about the Orlando shooting. What a sad scary world we live in.
 and the thought that something that brings us queer people together, somewhere that we have marked as a "safe space", has now been marked by
 Love my new morning ritual! It's uplifting to see which friends are marked safe on Facebook after our latest mass shooting. Thank you, @NRA!
 My Facebook keeps updating w/ people who are marked safe during the #OrlandoNightclubShooting. ️that is an option but  to see so many.
 Waking up to notifications that my friends are "marked safe" - I am so conflicted and sad about this 
 Praying for all my friends who have and haven't marked "I am safe" on Facebook... #PrayersForOrlando
 @BlondieRambles my mentor teacher and her son and other family were just marked as safe.
 Only reason I'm on FB today is to see everyone I know on there marked as safe
 When you wake up, & see the horrific headline of worst mass shooting in our history. Then, a friend of yours was marked "safe". #Tears
 So Facebook just notified me that a fb friend who is in Orlando has been marked as safe... Had no idea that was a feature. Sad.
 FB's “Marked as Safe” is one of the few bright spots on the internet.
 This "marked as safe" Facebook feature is a strange necessity. Praying for you Orlando.
 I saw that a friend in Orlando marked himself as safe via Facebook. I weep with relief and anger that this is necessary technology. 
 I truly hate that I have to go on Facebook to check and to make sure that my friends in Orlando are marked as safe.
 Got a notification that a friend was marked 'safe'  in the Florida shooting. That's an incredible feature.
 Definitely!! RT @Notorious_GRC: Getting alerts from friends "marked safe" on Facebook. Cool feature.
 @breedadee GIRL I FREAKED OUT CUZ U IS NOT MARKED SAFE ON FB.
 Thank you @facebook for the "marked safe" feature. It is such a relief every time I see a notification that someone I know is safe.
 I got a notification from FB saying friends of mine in Orlando were marked safe. I was confused, because the Grimmie shooting was isolated.
 Facebook just sent me a notification that all my Orlando friends were marked safe.  Didn't realize they had feature.
 @IBOOPYEENS @john_d_liver @crushvolcano "Your friend has marked themselves safe" *SMASHES that MF LIKE button RIGHT TF NOW*
 I never thought I would wake up to a post saying certain friends I have are marked safe in Orlando. #prayfororlando
 Love that Facebook is giving me notifications that all my friends from school are marked safe 
 79 florida friends marked safe. 40 more to go.
 scrolling through facebook + double checking that your friends were 'marked safe' + feeling hopeless and empty
 Are marked safe during this tragic matter. Rip to all who died.  #prayfororlando #PrayForChristina
 Never thought I'd see the day of a "Marked Safe" feature on social media. My heart goes out to Orlando right now.
 The Facebook "marked safe" tool quickly lets us know if our friends are ok. It breaks my heart that this is so necessary in our world.
 My best friend in Orlando has not marked herself safe and isn't texting back and I'm freaking out
 Such an awful feeling to wake up and have to scroll through Facebook to see which of your friends are marked ‘safe’
 The fact I received a Facebook notification stating someone I used to attend school with was marked safe during the shootings....
 The fact that I was waiting to hear back from friends in Orlando by text or the "marked safe" thing on Facebook doesn't sit well with me...
 I woke up to three notifications that my friends were marked safe all my prayers go out to the victims
 So Facebook just sent me a notif saying that one of my friends was marked as safe from the shooting
 "Friends Marked Safe" should not be a feature we require on Facebook. #PrayForOrlando
 My exact thoughts @youngjannetti: Damn Facebook got a "marked safe" notification during shootings now? That's dope and sad at the same time.
 these "marked safe" notifications are good and important, but also a crushing reminder every few seconds of what has happened
 Getting these notifications on Facebook about my friends back home being marked "safe" is a relief, but at the same time so unbelievable.
 Someone I interned with lives there and I'm happy for the notification I just got saying he's marked as safe. This is heartbreaking.
 You know the world has become a dangerous place when facebook sends notifications saying "your friends have been marked safe in this area"
 Facebook is really turning into the census. Getting notified about people I know in Orlando who are marked 'safe' is pretty innovative
 Sad life when you have friends being marked as "Safe" on Facebook #Orlando
 Just logged into Facebook and all my Orlando people are "marked safe" I had no clue that was a thing but I am thankful. 
 the marked safe option on Facebook is cool I'm glad that's a thing now
 It's scary that I woke up with a FB notification that a friend was "marked safe" during the #OrlandoShooting. Why is this our reality?
 my disney friends were "marked safe" on fb that's scary & crazy 
 Not to compare the two events but where was the "marked safe" thing on fb for the tel aviv shooting a few days ago? OH THAT'S RIGHT NOWHERE
 Also, thank you @facebook for the "Marked Safe" feature...wasn't expecting a small button to give such a sense of relief and reassurance.
 I just got Facebook notifications that some of my friends were marked safe. 
 @Dkay81 A former camper who just graduated high school 2 years ago also marked herself safe. Wow.
 You know what's not cool? Getting FB notifications for all your friends who have been marked safe during the Orlando shootings.
 Sick that this world has come to my Facebook being infiltrated with notifications saying my FL friends are "marked safe". Feeling really sad
 Sucks that Facebook has to have a "marked safe" feature. Hopefully some day that wont be necessary. #PrayforOrlando
 One of my friends lives in Orlando and just marked herself safe on FB #Orlando
 My heart races every time I get a notification saying another one of my friends is marked safe. Horrifying.
 The fact that my loved ones have to be "marked safe" because of how close this hit home makes my heart ache. I can only imagine the pain.
 I love the #MarkedSafe feature on @facebook. These are times that social media can be so useful. Let's use it for good. #Orlando
 People in Orlando are a little to worried about being 'Marked as Safe' on Facebook to prove they weren't at a gay night club me thinks...
 I love the "marked safe" feature on Facebook. Good to know my Orlando friends are okay.
 I'm scrolling down the list of my Facebook friends who have been "marked safe" during this attack. This is horrifying
 Facebook is a 24 hour shit show, but that "marked safe" feature is really great
 getting "marked safe during the shooting" notifications on Facebook. I'm shaking. This hits home when you realize your friends were there.
 The fact that I have several of my friends being marked safe is a terrifying feeling 
 Thanks to all my friends that marked safe during the Orlando shooting. I am glad nothing happened to you. Now... http://fb.me/2lvyDPxGJ 
 Glad to see my friends in the O marked as safe on Facebook. 
 The fact that I've seen some friends in #Orlando marked "safe" on FB is a blessing.  The fact people need to do so is utterly heartbreaking.
 @thedinojay I just learned Facebook has a 'marked safe' flag, if that might help bring news. I'm sorry.
 Honestly that "marked safe" thing facebook has done is a great idea, kind of sad it has to be used
 There's a feature on my Facebook showing me all of my Orlando friends who have "marked safe" during the Orlando shooting...
 Friends on Facebook being marked safe. This is the grimmest shit ever
 My Facebook feed is racking up friends marked safe... in Orlando. What.
 Woke up with a nice panic attack when facebook notified me people are being marked safe after an Orlando shooting
 so far only 46 of my friend marked themselves safe but this is happening really fast. a lot of them are just logging online.
 PLEASE RT: Check Facebook to see who's marked themselves 'safe' following Orlando attack - http://bit.ly/1ULoBl3 
 s/o to @facebook for letting me know that my friends and family are marked safe and accounted for when we can't get ahold of them
 Just got a FB notice that a friend was “marked safe during The Shooting in Orlando, Florida.” Jesus.
 Just got my first ever "marked safe" notification from Facebook. Really wish that stuff was unnecessary.
 I just got a FB notif that some of my friends were marked safe during the shooting but it just makes my heart hurt more for those who aren't
 “Insert a friend” is marked safe during the shooting in Orlando, Florida.   Thank you for the depressingly necessary updates, Facebook
 Facebook just told me a bunch of my friends were marked safe. Which is good. But this whole thing is unreal.
 Thankful Facebook is notifying me as my  old Disney coworkers are marked safe from the shooting at Pulse last night. Prayers to Orlando 
 I keep getting Facebook notifications for family members and friends being "marked safe" during the Orlando shooting. I have chills.
 I can't believe I'm receiving fb notifications that my friends are marked safe in Orlando... they should always be safe
 This morning was all too surreal until Facebook asked "are you OK in the Orlando shooting? 172 friends still haven't been marked safe."
 Got a notification on @facebook that one of my friends, who lives in Orlando, was "marked safe" during the shooting in Orlando, FL. #GCWeb16
 Scrolling through all of the people who were marked safe and crying. It's just so sad that this is what it's come down to.
 Had a friend on my friends list on FB who just marked herself safe in Orlando.  Wow.
 Checking Facebook furiously to see if my Disney family is marked safe. This shouldn't be happening. This feature shouldn't have to exist.
 Round of applause for whoever thought to put the "marked safe" thing on Facebook.  #sosmart
 So far all most of my friends in Orlando have been marked safe/have stated they're safe. I'm hoping it stays that way 
 To wake up and see notifications about how many of your friends have been marked safe on Facebook is scary
 Got a notification from one of my homies in Florida, they marked themselves safe thank god
 For the first time I got a notification from Facebook that one of my friends had been marked "safe" in Orlando. I just cried. Im heartbroken
 Looking at the list of all my friends having to be "marked safe" on Facebook is a pretty numbing and powerful experience
 I've marked myself 'safe' on facebook, though clearly we are not feeling it. it's a numbing feeling.
 This marked safe thing on Facebook is very very good
 Also, this "marked safe" thing that Facebook does is pretty neat (though I'm saddened that we would need something like that).
 I like what Facebook is doing with this marked safe thing
 Surreal getting these FB push notifications from friends who are "marked safe" in Orlando, my hometown.
 the "marked safe" feature is genius but the fact that we live in a world where that feature needed to be implemented is heartbreaking.
 Facebook updating us when someone is "marked safe" glad to know my friends in Orlando are ok!
 This is our world. Watching friends #markedsafe @facebook #PrayersForOrlando
 Thankful for the quick response by @facebook to enable the marked safe option for those in Orlando. 
 Facebook just sent me a notification to tell me that one of my friends were "marked safe" with the shooting in Florida 
 @KraziliaLove I just got a fb notification that someone marked themselves safe. It's to a point where fb has safety checks for this.
 That "marked safe" thing on Facebook is good becuase it's a lot of people from the crib up there yo
 Not sure how it works, but really appreciate the "marked safe" part of Facebook.
 when you wake up and see a list of your friends that have marked themselves safe and realize no this is a different shooting. UGH
 I can honestly say I breath a sigh of relief every notification I get of friends marked as safe
 I love how all of my super straight friends who've never been to a gay club in their lives are using the fb "marked safe" feature.
 Facebook just alerted me that one of my friends was just marked "safe" from the Orlando shooting. Gotta fan my eyes now...
 It makes me sick that I had to go on Facebook and see my best friend marked safe. I never want to worry about her.
 I'm thankful to see names I know marked as safe as Orlando, I hope I keep seeing new names marked as safe all day <3
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is both terrifying and useful in equal portions.
 I keep getting Facebook notifications saying my Friends were marked safe during the shooting in Orlando 
 This “marked as safe” feature (on FB) is really great, but also really sad that it had to be a thing.
 WHY!! SHOULD PEOPLE!! HAVE TO BE MARKED SAFE!!! ON SOCIAL MEDIA! FOR SHOOTINGS!!!!!!!!! 
 "[facebook friend] was marked safe in The Shooting, Orlando" that's nice but um hes straight so hes basically immune right
 I like this "marked safe" thing that they have on facebook.   It is letting me know that my friends are safe.
 Devastated to hear about the shooting in Orlando  But thankful to see my family and friends marked safe in this unfortunate event.
 extremely chilling being in a different state while this is happening at home and getting Facebook notifications for everyone marked safe
 My Facebook is blowing up with all of my friends being marked safe after the shooting and it's terrifying to realize how close this was
 Wait. What happened in Orlando? I got a fb notification that a relative was marked safe....
 HUGE props to @Facebook for the #MarkedSafe function. a really cool use of the Internet in horrible times like this.
 with every notification I get on fb that the people I grew up w/ are being marked safe my heart cracks a little bit thinking of the “unsafe"
 All my peeps being marked safe on FB is so sibering, yet comforting.
 And finding out about it through @facebook notifications telling me friends were "marked safe" is helpful yet still terrifying.
 "Fulano(Pastor evangélico) was marked safe during The Shooting in Orlando" Facebook Que bueno saber que el pastor no estaba en un club gay.
 FB keeps notifying me that my friends have been "marked safe". What a time to be alive.
 Shouldn't have to receive a FB notification to know that Orlando friends are "marked safe"
 My baby brother has been marked safe.  #OrlandoShootings While my heart breaks for those who are not. 
 Just learned Facebook has a "Marked Safe" feature which is really useful in times like these. I have a ton of family/friends in Central Fl.
 I'm getting updates from Facebook for everyone that was in Orlando last night saying they're marked safe. Like this way too close to home.
 Eto nanaman tayo sa marked safe, di ako nainform na nasa Orlando pala mga tao sa feed ko
 getting notifications on Facebook that friends in Orlando are marked safe is saddening because of the fact that feature is needed
 So scary getting FB notifications from friends & family getting marked safe from the shooting.
 Getting Facebook notifications of friends in Orlando "marked safe." Welcome to America, 2016.
 Wow... Apparently there's a "marked safe" option on fb to let loved ones know you're OK. Just got an update from one friend in Orlando
 I'm both happy and sad that "Marked Safe," is a feature on social media... #Sad #PleaseHelp
 What is going on Orlando.??? I really appreciate this "marked safe" thing that's happening on social media right now.
 This "marked safe" feature on Facebook is pretty dope
 Getting alerts from friends "marked safe" on Facebook. Cool feature.
 How sad is it that Facebook now has a notification to let you know when your friends are "marked safe" from tragedies such as this one.
 A "marked safe" notice from a friend. What a wonderful thing for us to have. What a terrible thing for us to need. 
 It isn't about me at all but seeing so many friends being "marked safe" on Facebook is totally surreal.
 .@Facebook, thank you for your "marked safe" feature. Considering I have many friends who live in Orlando, this is extremely helpful.
 facebook's "marked safe" option is saving my sanity right now 
 Shout out to Facebook's new feature! My family in Orlando were "marked safe during the shooting in Orlando, FL" this is definitely necessary
 there's a safety check on facebook and my cousins marked themselves safe thank you thank you thank you :(
 Facebook is slowly relieving my anxiety by informing me of my friends who are marked safe in Orlando.
 Just "marked myself safe" on Facebook. That's when you know it hits too close to home. Horribly sad. I love this city.
 Facebook just notified me one of my friends in Florida marked themselves safe. That's an awesome feature. I wish we didn't need it.
 I just started bawling because my brother marked that he checked in as safe in Orlando. The fact that this is our country terrifies me.
 Glad Facebook has that marked safe options for friends in a crisis area 
 Didn't realize FB had a safety check until one of my good friends marked himself safe in Orlando...
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature for the residents in + surrounding Orlando. What a relief, my family lives two blocks from #Pulse
 FB is letting us know ppl that are marked safe in Orlando. 
 Soo I just got a notification on fb about somebody being marked safe during the Orlando shooting..., turn to CNN.... And wtffffffffffffffff
 Getting updates that friends/family were marked "safe" during the shooting on Facebook.
 Getting notifications of Orlando friends marked safe in the shooting. What kind of world is this that we need that as a Facebook feature?
 I'm just sick. Getting notifications that my friends are marked safe #prayfororlando
 Crazy I'm getting Facebook notifications about friends in Orlando getting marked as safe, put the guns down and settle probs in other ways
 Damn Facebook got a "marked safe" notification during shootings now? That's dope and sad at the same time.
 Facebook is sending me notifications about every friend that is marked safe in the shooting in Orlando. Terrifying #prayfororlando
 Wow Orlando...  I'm waiting to see more friends marked "safe"...what awful news to wake up to on the other coast. Prayers going out
 I cannot believe I am experiencing the "friends marked safe" feature on Facebook right now.
 damn. my Facebook telling me which friends I have in Orlando have been marked safe. that's super cool and helpful.
 Thoughts and prayers this morning for all the folks in Orlando... Thankful for Facebook Safety Check and seeing friends marked as safe.
 some of my friends & family were "marked safe" on Facebook after the Orlando shooting & that's something I should never have to worry about
 I didn't know that FB has a safety check option. A friend of mine just marked himself safe from the Orlando shooting
 Makes me uneasy getting so many FB notifications of my friends "marked safe during The Shooting." #PrayersForOrlando
 jfc a friend just marked themselves as safe from the shooting that happened, scared the shit out of me bc I totally forgot she lives there
 Phone starting to blow up w @facebook marked safe alerts & grateful for each & every one. 
 My phone is blowing up with old friends back home being "marked safe". As glad as I am for their safety, just heartbroken this occurred.
 Just got a notification one of my FB friends from Orlando was marked safe.
 Facebook notifying you if all your Orlando friends were marked "safe" ... Damn
 Thank god for Facebook letting me know my orlando friends were marked safe 
 in other news, I'm really grateful for the "marked safe" feature of facebook. <3 @Morineko
 The "marked safe" feature on Facebook is the smartest thing Facebook has done.
 Most of my friends who frequent Pulse have been marked safe on Facebook. Thankfully. But more than 50 did not make it. Thinking of them.
 My cousin lives in Orlando and he just marked himself safe, thank god
 Waking up to news about horrors at @pulseorlando last night. Boyfriend & I fine; scouring Facebook’s “marked as safe” feature with dread. 
 Wake up to notification that friend was marked safe from a shooting. Which is nice but then thoughts of "ANOTHER SHOOTING?"
 I don't know what else to say. Marked my first Pride month as a baby queer more than 20 years ago. This season is when we think we're safe.
 Terrifying that I just marked myself as safe using @facebook safety check.https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/orlando-shooting-jun12-2016/?search_type=safe … #PULSE
 *sees cockroach in room* *screams Ami?* *Abu comes holding jooti* kidhr hy? *kills it & throws it out* *Shafia marked safe*
 *Notification* "Andres Bonifacio and others were marked safe during the Philippine Revolution against Spaniards"   #RP612fic
 Make sure bernies..yr safe spaces are clearly marked and lit up at future Trump gatherings! 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 a concert: a place most of us go to feel safe and happy. but tonight it was marked as another place proved not to be as safe as we thought.
 Yesterday marked my first month with @EagleGazette. Safe to say I'm immensely proud of all the work I've done so far.
 You cannot drive 63 mph in a marked 45 zone. CPD Traffic Enforcement out & about. We encourage safe driving. Always 
 Looks like the tires for hertlife are here. We marked them to keep them safe. https://www.instagram.com/p/BGcPcLOk1wW/ 
 Kristijano Kris Manev is marked safe during the блокадата кај Соборна. Не сум јас тој што наводно бил нападнат дечки немајте гајле.
 @ZippyC_ @Accswaby @MouldyOldDoh @One_marked Found her safe space before she could develop a backbone
 marked herself safe during Tel Aviv Terror Attacks.
 FACEBOOK SAFETY CHECK:   'Indian Censor Board scrutinizes GoT'  Theon Greyjoy, Lord Varys & The Unsullied were marked safe.  @Sarcasm_So
 @EchoBritain @One_marked @YESthatcherDead Does someone need a safe space for all the mean words out here???
 Regarding Email - If it's over a month old and you haven't read it, safe to delete. Probably.  Just marked 16k emails as "read"
 @HeySierraaa Please check your Spam Folder for the email. It may end up there if you don't have us marked as a safe sender. SL
 IS IT SAFE TO LEAVE ACOMAF NEAR MY PARENTS? they might find the certain "parts" easily because I kinda marked them with sticky notes oops
 Shahzad is marked safe after 1st  Roza!
 @borastronaut lyanna marked herself as safe during the winter war
 @KyaUkhaadLega Done. Marked Safe ;))
 marked himself safe during the First Day of Ramadan.
 @Ricky_Vaughn99 @huge_organ Give her a sensitive card and find her a safe zone...marked "Waste Management "
 That should be marked Not Safe While Drinking Coffee 
 Today marked the end to a great year. Hoping all students have a safe and fun summer while making an effort to keep growing as learners
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 @TheAuburner I'd say a winning season with MARKED improvement from 2015 & Gus's job is safe...and should that not be the standard?
 The castle above #durnstein.  Relatively easy hike.  The path was clearly marked and safe.… https://www.instagram.com/p/BGI7TxaSJdT/ 
 got a phone call from an unknown number, looked it up and found a page that marked it "not safe" based on its IP address
 RCMP marked and unmarked vehicles flying with lights and sirens all over the place, stay safe #Iqaluit
 @LFC4LIFENET @KopAce74 @f1rmino He's safe in deep build up, tight spaces, if marked & back to goal. Give him space & he'll get assists
 Marked as to-read: Safe in His Arms by Renae Kaye https://goodreads.com/review/show/1653823600 …
 Remembering the real reason this holiday is marked on our calendars. From the NIT family to yours, have a safe... http://fb.me/3k6FjzgaT 
 Aishwarya Plays it Safe, Chooses Red for Second Day at Cannes: The actress who marked her 15 year... http://tinyurl.com/z7llv2v  #Cannes2016
 Enjoy your #BankHolidayMonday - please drive safe and within speed limits. http://www.scotland.police.uk/whats-happening/news/2016/march/police-scotland-launches-speeding-campaign …  Marked&Unmarked out in @AButeWDunbarPol
 Stay safe at @HempsteadTown beaches this #MemorialDayWeekend. Listen to lifeguards & swim only in marked areas 
 @McD_Canada Oh my, this should be marked "not safe for work". That is way too sexy.
 I can feel you bouncing around my lobes, @manen_lyset. You tell Frizzle to stay away from any memories marked "Hot Fruit." It's...not safe.
 Pity that #Facebook doesn't have a feature :marked safe in dombivli blast
 Memorial Weekend typically marked the beginning of grilling season, yet many folks grill year round. Enjoy. Be safe. 
 @One_marked @EddieCoyle43 @MaraudingWinger @alanknox don't enforce you're safe space into mine.
 safe to say i marked my territory 
 Just marked miss ahmet at netball and it's safe to say our arguments have made us stronger x #bffl #redjumper
 We need to make roads safe for pedestrians and cyclists. We need to have space marked for them.  
 Marked Safe in Brussels : How Facebook is Redefining How International Disasters Are Discovered https://lnkd.in/bneY_fe 
 Mysterious supertanker purchases and the united states and our friends and family at risk. Stay safe, ignore the buttons marked with runes.
 (+) women feeling safe   (-) "marked with bright pink signs"  
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15 1867, Tobacciana Collection https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #etsy #EtsySocial
 Planting a tree? #Call811 to have underground utilities marked. More safe planting tips: http://bit.ly/1MVnxy0 
 DES Info: Why Has the FDA Allowed a Drug Marked 'Not Safe for Use in Humans' to Be Fed to Livestock Right Before... http://fb.me/7U87sOJ82 
 What's happening in Bangladesh? I'm getting a several friends status marked as "safe" in my FB. Hope everything is alright there.
 @DaneMonroe Hmm gotta be careful with #boobs if UR tweets aren't marked sensitive. These are Twitter safe:  
 The air feels warmer here. Rune-marked ruins. Not safe here.
 When bae knows you have an allergy so they make sure it's marked and safe  #thankstucci
 FACEBOOK SAFETY CHECK Cyclone Roanu   226 friends are in the affected area  98 friends are marked safe  128... http://fb.me/14qpy4Lv8 
 lik sa fb iz Rume se marked safe during Cyclone Roanu
 Hitched ride on back of lorry to city yesterday. Not safe 2 walk at night. We return to last point of walk marked on GPS & walk 2 city 2Day
 Hand-mindedness locksmiths against safe-deposit box compensate redwood tenement district bear with the marked down… http://dlvr.it/LMkD0Y 
 Kristijano Kris Manev marked himself safe during Macedonia Earthquake.
 That route should be made extremely safe and well-marked for anyone to ride and easy to follow, with a catchy name.
 @StBridesSch Keep your bike safe and get it security marked! 
 A friend of mine was marked safe in Srilanka flooding. He is in Saudi.
 These are scenes from Kurdish town of #Sirnex in #Turkey which is marked by #EU as '3rd safe country' for refugees 
 @TrinaChakrobor1 @ArjunArtist @XnatashaX @Hasinth @arjuniful @ARJUNATOR_TANU @DaWnSwEtHa @PratyushaManoh2 @ARJUN_lover23 Thank u marked safe
 Facebook as always bringing me disappointing news. @Portellofanatic was marked safe from the floods lu..
 Thoughts with friends from Sri Lanka. Glad to know about those marked safe.
 Just got this on FB:  "Ñìmèshé M Mådhùråñgå marked himself as safe during The Flooding in Sri Lanka."  What's going on, there?
 Seeing some of my friends being marked safe in Sri Lanka is so reliving #PrayForSriLanka
 Happy to see that my @facebook Lankan friends have marked themselves safe with #SriLankaFloods
 Mark zuckerberg be like everyone are marked safe in safety check and where the hell is flood  #Flood #SriLankaFloods #lka
 The Facebook Check has marked both the Safe & the Apathetic. THEY'RE JUST NOTIFICATIONS guys, chill.
 Facebook Notification : Axar Patel marked safe
 Anyone in #SriLanka not marked safe plzzz Mark Yourself Safe. Fb is worried #angry #ExtremeWeather #lka
 So Facebook has been emailing me to let me know that some of my contacts were marked "safe" during the flooding... http://fb.me/3ZV2A3gzK 
 Wasn't aware there's some flooding in Sri Lanka. Just got to know only because a friend who is there was marked safe on FB.
 The best thing about Facebook is their 'marked safe' feature during a time of crisis
 You'd think people will appreciate the whole being marked safe Facebook thing. But no, let's just get bitchy about it.
 @shenukalles So far my mother has marked herself safe  #Facebook
 Friends & family in Sri Lanka pls stay safe. Glad that some of you have already marked yourself safe on "Facebook Safety" feature.
 Facebook safely notifications. Marked myself safe. Lucky we are on a high ground.
 Why am I suddenly getting lot of marked safe notification from #Facebook
 Marked safe nu notif vera.
 @dangrech Thanks Dan. We'll look into it. Hopefully you marked us as a safe sender & enjoy the rest of our emails! Have a great day, BB
 Although Florida’s boating season never really ends, the traditional start is marked by National Safe Boating... http://fb.me/6kjIVcwE6 
 On Sunday The Day of Defense of Tuzla was marked in the safe haven to which refugees from #Srebrenica fled:
 Just landed in Chennai. Are the 63 places where glass ceiling falls in the airport marked? I'm just trying to be safe!
 our sacred place is not marked with stones - I put it my art to keep it safe
 #MyRelationshipStatus "Marked Safe"
 Dr Maria Saleem marked herself "safe" during Deadly political chaos, @twitter .. Hour rola pao.. 
 Watched Game of thrones .. Safe to scroll the TL #MarkedSafe
 Reminder : The cardboard box marked "Free Candy" in the reception area is not to be opened until radiation has dropped to safe levels.
 @magicmollie mollie grible marked safe during bulgaria shakeup
 DiMaggio’s streak safe because of bullpens, Ventura says: Sunday marked the 75th… http://m.tbnn.it/LK6fj5 
 Building visible safe spaces outside of the online community helps. At conventions/events I want to see them marked. 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Put one of these bad boys at your effluent pond entrance gate(s). Plus A safe-clearly marked path and signage  
 Suresh Raina Just Marked Himself Safe On Facebook. ;)  #RCBvGL #IPL
 #Facebookin4words - marked safe during disaster.
 Suresh Raina would have marked himself as safe on facebook today!  #RCBvGL
 Meanwhile Suresh Raina Marked Himself "Safe" on Facebook. 
 "Meanwhile Suresh Raina marked himself 'Safe' on Facebook."  Twitter reacts to Kohli-ABD masterclass. #RCBvGL
 Meanwhile Suresh Raina marked  himself SAFE on facebook #RCBvGL  #PlayBold #IPL2016
 Meanwhile #SureshRaina marked himself safe on FB :D : P   Gujarat lions ki che che che kar di #AB #Kholi #beauty #RBCVSGL
 @ImRaina marked himself safe  on Facebook  Awesome innings by @imVkohli and @ABdeVilliers17  #RCBvGL
 im sorry @droidchirps i dont know when it happened but youve been marked as a Safe Person by my acpd lmk if i get overwhelming at any time..
 Facebook "Safety Check" Stats: - 40,000+ people marked safe - 3.2 million friends notified #FortMacFire #ymmstrong
 Monday marked the opening of UMD's SAFE Center, aimed at assisting victims of human trafficking http://washingtonjewishweek.com/31187/center-aims-to-bring-human-trafficking-out-of-the-shadows/news/local-news/ …
 @KunalWrites @neetipalta the vehicle has been marked as a safe space & the driver has undergone gender sensitization training #ridewithpride
 Drivers, help keep all road users safe by following the marked speed limits, especially in residential and school zones.
 This past week marked the International Day of the Midwife! See how midwives are making #motherhood safe. Via @UNFPA http://goo.gl/80xQ04 
 When you pass 3 marked cars and 2 undercover cops in a 5 mile radius from your house.. Not sure if I should feel safe or terrified
 P&G marked an important milestone of their  Children’s Safe Drinking Water Programme – providing 850 million... http://fb.me/7CTj0UnkJ 
 Alert parents would have marked that May 5th was World #PasswordDay and followed the tips on keeping passwords safe. Did you? #parenting
 #Castle, marked for death by antichrist, goes alone in mid of night to a demon safe. Proof that Castle needs #Beckett. #NoBeckettNoShow
 Lemme get this straight...You think you're marked for death so you go ALONE to a safe filled w/ demonic artifacts? In a blackout? Oh #Castle
 *after attending family function* *marked safe on fb*  Alhamdulillah
 Uhlman's is now marked as a safe zone. It's too busy and they'll call cops because of past situations with the game. 
 @Snarlason84 If you've marked your box as 'late' you should have an email from us - it might be worth checking your junk folder, to be safe!
 Technically, we can't take photos of MARKED ballots so di ko gets pinaglalaban niyo?? But to be safe, wag na lang magtake ng pic at all ️
 Wag na lang picturan ang ballot (marked or unmarked) to be safe ️ #Halalan2016 #BotoLasalyano
 @ivygatpandan @leoriceangea HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA marked safe!!!
 Caroline's marked now...she'll understand why Stefan did what he did. He did it to keep her safe.  Hopefully they'll work things out.
 @CraftyChrisNH I have faith my derby hat is safe. @JetBlue has never let me down before. They marked it fragile for me.
 A Girls' daily post be like. "Marked safe and Unraped during my journey from office to home."
 Vote against keeps Austin safe from unregulated rideshares! All for-hire drivers need to be fingerprinted & marked! 
 @NashvilleScene @38Godfrey @jrlind Safe to say that I marked out when I saw the 'Wrestle War 89' reference.
 Our forest should always be marked Safe! BUT ARE THEY?? READ: http://bit.ly/1O1U0TA  #HandsOffOurForests
 RT Madan_Chikna "RT KaabiraSpeaking: *after attending family function*  *marked safe on fb*"
 @WJohnson68 @publiceyestl @keschaberg Bi-State buses are marked as Safe Places, which makes no sense since you have to pay to get on.
 Since there are HOH baskets marked Phil and NIck it's pretty safe to assume they won the HOH... #BBCAN4
 I read the last word as DAY and still marked myself safe.  
 PEOPLE IN MY AREA people are still going round trying to steal dogs, especially in NE25 area, keep your dogs safe, houses are being marked
 A tragic story that serves as a reminder to keep road workers safe by obeying marked lanes when you see... 
 Progressives: Want small, private safe spaces with marked boundaries  Conservatives: Want the entire world to be their safe space
 @PenitusVox  It should have trigger warnings before bosses. And the bonefires should be marked as safe spaces.
 My family marked SAFE. Thank the mother fucking Lord. Praying for you Fort Mac  
 Here are some of my friends that are marked as safe in the Wildfire in Fort McMurray, Alberta. Thomas Muessle,... http://fb.me/7j2A6vNA3 
 Glad to see those I know in Fort Mac marked as "safe" this AM on Facebook.
 All buildings marked X by NCA are not safe for occupation Developers should comply to construction rules. #X-sign
 Thankful to have seen all my family members marked safe on facebook from the #ymmfire. Scary stuff out there, hope for successful evacuation
 So pleased to see a friend in Fort Mc marked "safe" on @Facebook, after many hours of silence. Love that feature!
 @ericdomond I was just notified friends are marked safe on @Facebook. Only a few hours after the whole town was ordered evacuated #ymmfire
 “Marked Safe” feature on FB is both a blessing & a curse tonight as we worry about dear friends who’ve not yet checked in. #ymmfire #ableg
 Seeing people marked safe is simultaneously a relief and more anxiety. Hell.
 Just got my first @facebook 'marked safe' notification from a friend in #ymmfire #ymm   Keep it coming, friends.
 Great to be with @BedfordNW at #JubileePark on Sat where they marked 32 bikes! Keeping young people in #Bedford safe 
 Murali was 'marked safe' after his show at aforementioned college. People clapped, vice chancellor smiled. All izz well.
 Twitter should start 'marked safe' feature like FB, where only the people who have seen #GameofThrones can see the spoilers.
 @questions2make Q1 I walk around the arbitrary "safe" footpath at work marked in yellow. Q2 A gynecologist told me my cervix was beautiful.
 Have a safe journey. You and your team have marked history! Kudos  
 Marked safe after getting down from the fastest coaster in the world.  #FormulaRossa
 @One_marked Probably too obscure for hipster[read: fake] nerds to touch.  That and Farscape both.  They're safe for the moment.
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 And there was no marked safe feature for Syria because we are living in a hypocrite world #SaveSyriaCeasefire #Alepo #حلب_تحترق
 @WRNAmbassadors All of our safe places at SPPS are visibly marked!! #SafePlaceSelfie
 @ebruenig Part 3...The odorless pheromones are calming, giving the cat the sense the place is already safe and doesn't have to be marked.
 Marked safe after seeing #tahirshah  video angel. This man should be brought under wildlife endangered species.
 New machinery should be: safe when supplied; have a Declaration of Conformity and user instructions in English; and CE marked. #RBSmfgTalk
 @RoxanneRoark Yes! Marked my calendar May 18-23.  Hope your have a great conference.  Safe travels home!
 Marked as to-read: Safe Haven by Terri Anne Browning https://goodreads.com/review/show/1622510230 …
 Make sure your shed is safe... Padlocked  Alarmed Items Security Marked Chain items together or to the floor 
 Monitoring is key for a #polio vaccination campaign. "Pinky" fingers marked = safe kids #VaccinesWork
 #Flood level marked post for #safe evacuation in Rajapur, #Nepal enhanced #resilience @Zurich @PracticalAction
 So these ramp niggas can make runningman challenge videos but cant keep my FRAGILE marked luggage safe?!?! Usi tole.
 Let's keep our kids safe! Please park in marked spots only at Billericay. If the lot is full, seek parking in the high school lots.
 It's safe to say Gareth Bale is being closely marked by Manchester City's players this evening. 
 Planting a tree on #ArborDay?  #Call811 today to have underground utilities marked. More safe planting tips: http://bit.ly/1MVnxy0 
 Opens twitter Scrolling TL People R crying over breakups Scolding her Mocking her Praying to get her back Wtf  Logout and marked safe on fb
 Daenerys Targaryen, Sansa Stark & Theon Greyjoy  marked safe. Jon Snow Dead, Stannis Baratheon Dead as a door nail. #GameofThrones
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 @CamelotGypsy thanks! I do need to check mine. I have my voter reg card in a safe place, clearly marked Dem, for just in case. :)
 The Feds are back in Knoxville bad. All the homies be safe and on the lookout for all black un marked tahoes. Just seen 3 different ones
 @jonk @SpareMeSaysPM ... I was relieved when Facebook sent me a notice that you were marked safe
 A (signed) @racketlang installer has been wrongly marked as malware by Google Safe Browsing. How do I get this fixed? /cc people at google
 My grandma marked herself safe during the earthquake in Ecuador on fb... Shes been in the US for about 6 months now 
 Marked as to-read: Safe Haven by Nicholas Sparks https://goodreads.com/review/show/1619525193 …
 David de Gea has been marked safe from the Penalty. #FacebookStatus #davesaves #mufc #FACupSemiFinal
 Ok #yeg @co_optaxi car 089 not cool or safe to cruise through marked and light flashing crosswalk while a pedestrian in the middle! #safety
 Marked Safe in Brussels: How Facebook is Redefining How International Disasters Are Discovered http://ow.ly/10Fv4S 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 When your attendance gets marked and it's in the safe, you can skip a few classes zone, you feel you finally have your shit together.
 Marked as to-read: No Safe Zone by Adite Banerjie https://goodreads.com/review/show/1617287262 …
 Made it home safe from our approx 8000Ly journey. We successfully marked our territories. Cmdr Log to follow soon! 
 Stay safe when digging! Always call 811 in advance so underground utilities may be marked for free. 
 How Pakistan's Taher Shah Took Viral Culture to the Next Level http://bit.ly/22LpLSb  "marked self safe on fb after watching"
 Go Safe, the Welsh road casualty reduction partnership, has a number of marked mobile safety cameras spread... 
 As Facebook checks my location always.I think when I reach home at midnight and wife opens the door then there should be 'Marked Safe'option
 Marked and unmarked police cars following school buses for ‘Operation Safe Stop’ http://bit.ly/20ZYX1d?cid=twitter_WTEN …
 Planning a digging project for this weekend? Stay safe and call 811 to have your utility lines marked. 
 A school mate marked himself safe during d Japan earthquake on fb. Got abuses from most for this,most din know he was doing internship there
 Protip: it's safe to skip meetings marked "mandatory" - nothing good ever comes out of those.
 My tire exploded on I85. I'm safe and some good citizen has already marked the hazard on the Waze app. Ha. 
 Tonight is Poole Bike night. We deploy marked and plain vehicles to keep everyone safe. If ride like  expect a tug 
 The 'marked safe' feature of Facebook is truly awesome. One of the better sides/uses of social media
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland.. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234108495/antique-limoges-match-striker-match-safe … #design #gotvintage
 All  126 JET participants are currently working in Kumamoto Prefecture are marked safe and 12 JET participants have been evacuated.
 Stay safe! Before planting your tree, call 811 so utilities may by marked for free. 
 I have a bunch of Facebook GAMING friends. 10 marked safe during the Ecuador Earthquake. Praying for all Ecuadorians.
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 So PC's cornered? Who'll get off? Who'll be scapegoat? Are Gandhi's marked safe already? @NeelakshiGswm @tsvhari @TimesNow #IshratFile
 CISD is operating on a normal schedule today. However, students will not be marked tardy this morning because of the rain.Be safe!
 I really don't understand one thing. How are people in India marked safe in Japan earthquake?  Ridiculous!
 @MoraymaMSquared Yes, thank you. Most of my family marked themselves safe via Facebook so I'm quite relieved. Looks like they are safe. 
 Thoughts and prayers go out to family and friends in Ecuador.  Thankful for the “marked safe” feature in Facebook…
 Oh you're marked safe during the earthquake in Ecuador huh? Yeah it's really close to fucking moreton hall isn't it
 So so happy that all of my family has finally been marked safe after the horrible earthquake that hit Ecuador yesterday #PrayForEcuador 
 How did I first learn of the #EcuadorEarthquake? Two of my friends were marked safe by Facebook's #SafetyCheck
 That being marked safe feature on Facebook is genius. My cousins are using it in #Ecuador
 THE LIZARD IS GONE  #MarkedSafe
 @cassidy_klein Pablo marked safe 
 As trash as Facebook is that "marked safe" feature is dope
 Facebook is so cool! It notified me which ones of my family members in Ecuador marked themselves safe. I'm mind blown right now
 Cristhofer Chavez was marked safe during The Earthquake in Ecuador.: Cristhofer Chavez was marked safe during ... http://bit.ly/1VudWQY 
 Worth noting @facebook had it's "marked safe" function up and running for #EcuadorEarthquake since last night. Credit where it's due.
 I love how facebook tells me who is marked safe in ecuador
 FB with the marked safe thing. No, my cousin in the Valle del Cauca hasn't checked in bc Ecuador is like 600 km away
 Appreciate the ‘marked as safe’ feature on Facebook for family checking in after yesterday’s earthquake in Ecuador.
 Apparently Facebook now has a "marked safe" feature for disasters which is great but terrifying that it's needed #EcuadorEarthquake
 @johnnycoatbridg there is a Facebook page that has marked him safe. God bless them all 
 tijana was marked safe during the francuska revolucija 
 Yesterday marked my first ascent through the icefall, this was taken on our safe return! 
 Just spotted a Facebook friend was 'marked safe' after the earthquake in Ecuador. As much as I give out about FB this aspect is invaluable
 I am loving the new "marked safe" feature with FB.  I find out before news channels when things happen around the... http://fb.me/2dwExf1G6 
 7.8 Earthquake in Ecuador and 10 out of 15 family members on my page have marked "safe" on Facebook so far. Hope... http://fb.me/12buVXjSP 
 Nunca pensé que iba a tener que utilizar el marked safe de Facebook
 Great feature - many of my family marked themselves as safe and I marked anyone who I've spoken to in Esmeraldas 
 omg facebook just informed me that all my friends in ecuador are marked safe from the earthquake? i love social media wtf
 #Facebook came clutch with the Facebook safety check..many of family members marked as safe #Ecuador
 We have a pal from Londont living in Ecuador and he marked himself safe via that Facebook Earthquake App, thank goodness.
 Ecuador being marked the strongest earthquake of 2016. Absolutely crazy and scary. I hope everyone is ok  please stay safe!
 The ground keeps shaking in Japan (the ones marked in bold are felt). People must be so scared  Please stay safe. 
 Que facebook ponga como cuando hubo terremotos tipo Fulano marked himself safe during Time Warp, April 16.
 Make sure your shed is safe... Padlocked  Alarmed Items Security Marked Chain items together or to the floor 
 Batswana like things. This one is in Gaborone but she marked herself safe in the Japan earthquake!
 learned about this a couple days ago when two of my friends were marked safe on facebook
 फैन फिल्म देख के लौटने वालों के लिए भी "Marked Safe" का आप्शन आना चाहिए..! :P
 Marked as to-read: Safe in Your Fire by Darien Cox https://goodreads.com/review/show/1611866721 …
 'Marked Safe' from vegetarian food 
 Since people already marked themselves safe for "the" Kumamoto earthquake, they can't mark themselves safe for the second one on facebook
 Meron pa lang "Safety Check" feature ang Fb. Our family friend was marked safe after the Kumamoto quake. #ShowtimeShowdown
 @boring_roadie Twitter should do a 'marked safe' from coachella
 @emtfr @math4humans I'll have to go back to see. IIRC the profile itself was marked 'private'. But I think we're pretty safe in assuming. ;)
 How many skeletons are there in the closet marked "Vaccines: Safe and Effective"? The author of this article... http://fb.me/2epzqwtcD 
 *after attending family function*  *marked safe on fb*
 @NYSDOTBuffalo great to see there was a @DigSafelyNY ticket called in and work area was pre marked in white! Dig safe. #call811
 Two of my friends have marked themselves safe on Facebook after the disastrous #FirstDayFANShow .
 #Fan  फिल्म देख के लौटने वालों के लिए भी "Marked Safe" का आप्शन आना चाहिए..!
 People from Kolkata & Patna who marked themselves safe on Facebook for an earthquake in Myanmar, deserve to die in the next Antarctica flood
 I'm getting notifications on Facebook for people "marked safe" after the Kumamoto earthquake, but are there "not safe" notifications?
 My 169 frnds have marked themselves safe...A standing ovation for them...Salute for them for d safety... http://fb.me/2y47CZBBN 
 Very soon, the number of people marked safe in an earthquake in Myanmar will cross the net population of Bhubaneswar.
 @LuqmanIsLegit aku chat with literally sape2 kwn myanmmar aku yg marked safe during myanmmar earthquake ask how are they!
 When planting spring trees & shrubs, remember to @Call_OUPS at 811 to get utilities marked before digging. Be safe! 
 #pyarboleto marked safe on facebook during the earthquake
 Earthquake is a natural disaster. 'Marked safe during earthquake' is a man made disaster.
 The "marked safe" feature on facebook has become a nuisance.
 Aamir Khalil was marked safe during the Jupiter earthquake. #Fb #weird
 So how many of you marked yourself safe on facebook from that earthquake last night? Kuch dhang ke kaam karlo saalo.
 All bridges in Kolkata marked safe after earthquake #Kolkata #earthquake #MyanmarQuake
 45% of people who marked themselves safe in yesterday's earthquake that struck Mayanmar are frm Delhi, Bihar &... http://fb.me/3IEr1cGCq 
 @MEAIndia , are they marked safe on #Facebook . glad the @PMOIndia showed so much concern for #Duke. What abt people
 there must b a safe button...for when you read about it on twitter- "X read abt the quake- and has been marked safe" 
 i usually complain about facebook but their 'marked safe' feature is just amazing
 "" marked safe during The Myamar Earthquake """.   ...   Iska use to kuch log ese kar rahe he jese earthquake... http://fb.me/2BxcAlajz 
 as an ex-colleague wrote on facebook - 'Marked safe' is the new 'Candy crush request'  
 My friend marked herself safe in India after an earthquake. On the one hand I'm hugely pleased, but on the other 
 Your Friend marked safe Notifications are more annoying than Game Invites on FB.
 2 minutes of silence for those who marked themselves safe during the #earthquake of #Myanmar yesterday on #Facebook........!!!:D:D;);):P:P:P
 #HeardOnStreet:  Facebook should start a new notification: 'Marked as Safe After Marriage' :P
 Nicholas Buckland and Parichat Ketphak were marked safe during The Myanmar Earthquake.
 61 people, in my friend list, till now, have been marked safe. I am so glad! Relieved! Phew!  I would have lost... http://fb.me/72zFqwl30 
 Thank god we all are safe from Myanmar earthquake. If you have not marked yourself safe on FB please do that... http://fb.me/7QMAwOgvE 
 People who were in Sri Lanka have marked themselves safe in the Myanmar earthquake on FB.  Isn't my fb super cute? :)
 "xxx was marked safe..." is flooding my newsfeed. Seriously, people in Bangladesh - we all know you are safe... http://fb.me/7TCsiOwfw 
 It's cool seeing your Facebook friends marked safe whenever sth big like earthquakes happen, 
 All egotists 'marked safe'.
 I didn't know about it until just now when Facebook Safety Check notification popped up saying that one of my FB friends was marked safe.
 Saw quite a few people (educated ones) on my news feed mocking people marked 'safe' in Calcutta, India when an... http://fb.me/11TRKFTPD 
 Just because you marked yourself "Safe" on social media doesn't mean you're safe!!!
 Ramen Mukherjee - marked safe during mosquito invasion... :3 -_-
 21 of my shameless friends marked themselves safe in the Myanmar earthquake.
 12 of my friends are marked safe during the #earthquake  RIP to others.
 My neighbor who lives right next door in delhi just marked himself safe on Facebook from Myanmar #earthquake.  Thanks for the info u fucker.
 และถ้าไม่ marked safe Facebook ส่งข้อความมาเลยนะให้ตอบว่าปลอดภัยหรือเปล่า ไม่งั้น status มันจะขึ้นว่าเรายังไม่ไป mark อย่าเพิ่งด่าดิ
 มีคนบ่นว่าคนพม่าไม่เห็น marked safe ที่แผ่นดินไหวในพม่า แต่คนในกทมmarked กันเต็ม /เพื่อนหลายคนทำงานตามจ.ที่กระทบแต่กลับกทม กันเยอะแยะ
 Only 1 of my 27 friends have been marked safe on @facebook! Extremely worried about all of them! #MyanmarEarthquake
 Ratan Laha and Shakil Skl were marked safe during The Myanmar Earthquake.: Ratan Laha and Shakil Skl were mark... http://bit.ly/23FY7Zl 
 Richard Serowka has been marked as safe during the Stanford-le-hope power cut - April 2016
 Got my first ever #Facebook "marked safe" notification from a friend in #Thailand. I feel so international. #MyanmarEarthquake
 fb : marked yourself safe during the earthquake in Mayanmar. user of Kolkata : akasher niche, chikni mamoni,... http://fb.me/2NXEPQE74 
 Nice to see Bangladeshi friends being marked safe w/ the earthquake in Myanmar. Hope all are safe there, too.
 An #earthquake took place in Myanmar while I am not safe in Kolkata thanks to 'Marked Safe' notifications on Facebook.
 If you are online in Facebook after the earthquake then you r safe obviously ....  ""Marked as safe "" .. Why... http://fb.me/7YmKZAvyM 
 People use the 'marked safe'  update on #Facebook not to let you know they are ok and alive, but to remind you they still exist.
 ar jante chai na... obviously safe ache bolei FB te online hote pereche...marked safe likhe janan dewar proyojon... http://fb.me/2PvUkR4Ip 
 was marked safe during THE EARTHQUAKE IN MYANMAR.  Click keno korsilam  shalar Tar mayre!  Notification off kora jacche na. BAAL!
 Earth quake in Myanmar and I am getting notification from Bangladesh "marked as safe"... what are the causalities btw?
 A first on FB (for me): a notification that a friend has been "marked safe" in the Myanmar Earthquake.
 In an interesting turn of events, my NE friends are being marked safe during Earthquake in Myanmar on FB.
 Some people give status marked safe during the time of earthquake but i want to say its really so much damages... http://fb.me/7elTVKdNh 
 Prayer for those friends who hasn't been marked safe yet on facebook. Please come online & let us know your condition. Mayanmar #Earthquake
 That moment when you're going through an earthquake and you're more worried about the 'marked safe' notification #earthquake
 In Kolkata Every one was marked safe Except the Kolkata knight riders cricket team   #Jeet_Gaye  #KKRvMI
 So people who haven't been marked safe on Facebook are dead? I'm surely unsafe or dead according to fb then :|
 The unnecessary notification of People marked safe on Facebook can cause more harm than the #earthquake.
 Loving how people in Kolkata are being marked safe from the Earthquake in Myanmar :/ .. Cause taratalla ke baad ,... http://fb.me/7e7juhj1S 
 Shakil Skl was marked safe during The Earthquake in Myanmar.: Shakil Skl was marked safe during The Earthquake... http://bit.ly/1oYem4f 
 all my friends are marked safe from "The Earthquake in Myanmar", khub khushi lagtese amar :')
 Jara Marked Safe during Myanmar Earthquake korchey tader theke BOKA ar keu neyi.
 Soumi Biswas , Sutapa Dolai and 45 others were marked safe during The Earthquake in Myanmar. Just now 
 Peoples marked safe during the earthquakes not knowing that there’s no fb feature to mark ‘theiy’re not safe’…... http://fb.me/7golHQ6xN 
 feeling happy for the friend living in Delhi and marked safe in the north eastern earthquake :D
 मुझे भूकंप से ज्यादा डर उस नोटिफिकेशन से लगता है जो मौहल्ले के लौंडो द्वारा खुद को कम्बोडिया में आये भूकंप पर "Marked Safe" करने पर आता है!
 Facebook is getting better at this: just had a notice that a friend is "marked safe" in the Myanmar earthquake.
 First the Earthquake then comes the massive status regarding earthquake n now "Marked safe"  Dude Facebook made... http://fb.me/25kLgwvPz 
 The thing is I don't mind this Facebook marked safe feature, it's quiet helpful, but sending one notification, wen anyone is marking safe..
 xyz was marked safe in the Earthquake in Myanmar.  OKAY. But xyz in in India.
 Marked "SAFE" after viewing FAN.
 Guys please. I know you all were safe from recent earthquake,  requesting you to please don't marked yourself as... http://fb.me/7Kp3YoNhR 
 And the rush to be marked safe during the Myanmar earthquake has begun in earnest. Instead spare a thought for Myanmar. #That
 Ye kya nataunki chal raha hain! Any disaster happens and fb started killing you with marked safe notification.... http://fb.me/2iEenv6rU 
 @MalangRoudy marked safe 
 *was marked safe during the raid on president Ivanov's office*
 National Safe Digging Month! Call 811 before any digging projects to have underground utility lines marked for free. http://bit.ly/1SdPIKF 
 Jaywalking is not safe. Please cross only at marked or signalized crosswalks. http://sharetheroad.osu.edu 
 @ChaitraSalian me marked safe. 
 @inkybauds excuse me this post should be marked NSFMISBC, Not Safe For Mint In Sealed Box Collectors
 Rakesh Thind is marked safe after nearly 2 years of madness that tried to create an earthquake in the non seismic secular nation. @bainjal
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature was a decent idea. But now just badge collecting. Rename it "marked close to the action"
 Marked myself safe after seeing United results today
 പുറ്റിങ്ങല്‍ ഭഗവതി was marked safe during puttingal temple fire!ഇനി ആരുംഒന്നുംപേടിക്കേണ്ടാ.ഭഗവതി കഷ്ടിച്ച് രക്ഷപെട്ട്  കട:@sudheesh_eramam
 Marked safe on facebook after reading your english 
 Didn't marked myself safe on Facebook, hope they won't cancel my aadhar card.
 Facebook is filled with 'marked safe' kind of posts.
 If your reading this then your definitely marked safe during the recent #earthquake
 Arooma marked safe after #earthquake
 Abdi marked safe after Earthquake
 *Naik Parveen marked her self safe during earthquake*
 Islamabad Marked Safe in Earthquake  
 *Marked myself safe
 I Marked Myself Safe After Listening #Angel By #TahirShah
 Ch Hamza was marked safe after listining to Tahir shah,s angel......
 3D illusion bumps  http://toi.in/oDYHvb28  @timesofindia not safe. Could lead to bad driving.  Better to use rough lines(marked at Airports)
 @HebroTMO i marked her the traditional way too to be safe @Noxi33 @hashtagSalt @SavageAskari @tygrohmy
 I'm pretty sure that's not love. That's just ppl checking if other ppl are still alive or not #MarkedSafe #TaherShah
 @Nikkistyran and YOU SURVIVED!! Another soul #MarkedSafe 
 @IamLuvK @Goodboy_Badman Hahahahahahahha me too *marked safe* 
 I saw the video (only god knows why) and I can proudly say I can survive anything. I'm a survivor.  #MarkedSafe  
 - Other Girls (Papa Ke Pari Hun Me)     Tahir Shah's Daughter- Meray To      Papa He Pari Hain   #TahirShahAngel  #MarkedSafe 
 Nubla Farrukh is marked safe after going through the 4 minutes torture of Taher Shah.  #Angel
 So 13 carore People  Were Marked Safe after  Listning to Tahir Shah 
 I heard "anjal anjal". Caralisa marked safe :) #TaherShah
 Marked Safe : ) #TaherShah
 @ShinyWoobat Baaah ;) I'd say look for some kind of soft toy marked as being safe for babies then.
 marked me safe  #TaherShah
 @RealHistoryPic just marked my self safe on Facebook #TaherShah
 is marked safe during epidemic of Taher Shah' angelitis #TaherShah
 Marked Safe after Hearing Taher Shah — feeling safe
 Facebook safety check update : Iv marked myself safe...after listening to Tahir Shah's Angel .
 @Restlessler but you are alive and so marked safe 
 Twitter & fb should start marked safe campaign for those who heard #AngelSong #TaherShah... RIP fr us who surpassed the massacre
 Have you marked yourself and your loved one's safe yet? #TaherShah http://fb.me/3duxcrdjm 
 Facebook should introduce another "Marked safe" feature after one listens to Taher Shah's Angel.
 I just marked safe on facebook..after watchin that horrible accident for 5mins. #TaherShah
 People Marked Themselves Safe On Faecebook After Listening Tahir Shah's Angel. #TahirShah #Angel
 Marked Safe after this video by @TaherShahh 
 Ladies and Gentlemens!   I Marked myself safe after Listening Taher shah's Angel  ALHAMDULILLAH 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Somehow I feel less safe: New LAPD volunteer patrol to ride in 'specially marked' vehicles 
 I'm Mr Curry's caddy for the day. I’ve marked his golf balls with marmalade to be on the safe side. #TheMasters
 @AnhTNguyen @jdags @SamPavin @ExpWriters @Rachel_Really We say it so often, the bots have marked us as safe.
 Keep everyone safe by safe digging marked utilities #SafeDig #HydroExcavation http://ow.ly/H6Woh 
 Facebook Should provide 'Marked Safe' option to porkies terrorists on Daily Basis...as Bomb Blasts Regularly... http://fb.me/Wc0AjnIa 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Retweeted SCE (@SCE):  April is Safe Digging Month. Call 811 before you dig and have your utility lines marked... 
 Retired Fire Chief @JackColangeli had career marked by burning desire to keep people safe: http://tinyurl.com/hcjyusz 
 Teapot  marked “Churchill Made in Romania” microwave / dishwasher safe. http://canada-ca.info/dc/cn/?query=http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337597384&item=201556130824&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
 When i took my behind the wheel i got marked 3 points for "driving too safe" and 2 points for making the right when he said left.
 So here's the plan:  We create a room at every Uni marked "Safe Space". Anyone that enters we shoot dead.  It's the HUMANE thing to do! 
 @8spiders its ok the only thing in the safe is a marked-up copy of the Scum manifesto indicating the owner didnt understand the thesis
 Creating Safe Passage for Panthers: 2015 marked a new record for the number of Florida… 
 Due today's inclement weather, students arriving after 8:45 will NOT be marked tardy. Please drive safe as you travel this morning.
 marked safe after an extremely ropey night @BallEllielouise @jodiccross  @xxxxXcoutneyXxx
 Gursharndeep Singh was marked safe during the University of the East fire. Charaught 
 It's National Safe Digging Month.Call 811 before digging project to get approx location of underground utilities marked free. @Tennessee811
 April in National Safe Digging Month! Always #call811 before you dig to have underground utilities marked. #NSDM
 Someone marked herself safe in FB.  Next, my phone rang and it was her.  "Can you tell me where this flyover is actually?"   
 gud to know that all of friends are safe during the flyover collapse in kolkatta , those who have not marked as... http://fb.me/4L5Huon8f 
 Shanshah Marked Safe in Bangalore : Not seen Tera Suroor till now.....
 Mere friends ke ideas achay hain par acting bohot sasti hai. #AprilFools #MarkedSafe
 People I know in Kolkata marked themselves 'safe' on FB, glad they did it http://huff.to/1VXGoKC 
 Facebook safe notifications....  Hey Mark can we change the tag "marked safe" to "marked still alive"?
 I don't think people who marked themselves safe for yesterday's incident should be mocked. I understand the... http://fb.me/2NMVlhJId 
 @ufff_yaar it's nothing! Ppl in India marked safe from Brussels attack!
 Facebook's "Marked safe" feature = This sense of justified relief through tech #kolkata #flyovercollapse
 MS Dhoni, Virat Kohli and 9 others were marked safe during #IndVsWI in Mumbai, India.
 Barnes said safe zones should be marked and students informed on the "disciplinary" procedures if policy guidelines are not followed
 People in Pune were marked safe during the Flyover Collapse in Kolkata. *Slow Claps*
 Someone who was in Wankhede stadium just marked himself safe during overbridge colapse at Kolkata.. I should ask... http://fb.me/AD4fSrD0 
 Less safe than "Facebook Marked Safe"??? #Kolkatabridgecollapse  :/
 .@MHChat Understanding 'audience' affects what we disclose. Marked 'safe spaces' for MH identity allows it to be pushed out of public view.
 Got sick of seeing the notifications "Marked Safe" ~ let me see notifications for who is not safe & will try my best to help them ..
 Myself and 3 others were marked safe after the loss of Indian Team #IndvsWI
 Lendl Simmons to be marked safe in India !! Theres no way you can get him out #WT20 #IndvsWI
 Flyover niye golaabaji sesh ! now is the time for #IndvsWI match. and i have already marked myself safe in #Facebook
 "Those people died today could have marked themselves safe,they chose not to." Said the NOTA button on a EVM... http://fb.me/2pWS1ZW59 
 Sorry to anyone who was marked safe by me residing in Kolkata. But yeh it's an exploit which I found and everyone... http://fb.me/6WPJ3ntBD 
 @SubuhiJ Marked safe from Gayle's storm :P
 This is to inform everyone posting a negative status against the 'marked safe' updates !  As facebook team has... http://fb.me/5pMiSa2T2 
 Facebook Should Immediately Launch Safety Feature For West Indians  "Marked Safe During The KOHLI Disaster"  #INDvsWI
 today I will get to know how many of my friends are actually in Kolkata..all thanks to "Facebook Marked Safe". hope all are safe.
 I’m getting FaceBook notifications of friends being marked safe after flyover collapse in Kolkata but I can’t find any news about a collapse
 I know you were marked safe during flyover collapse in Kolkata. If you weren't I won't be getting this notifications.
 Turkey, marked "safe" by the EU-deal, is shooting to kill Syrian #refugees The Times claims http://thetim.es/1UEicO4 
 Term:entrance (n) Definition:An opening allowing safe access to a harbour; as in: “The entrance is clearly marked with buoys and lights.”
 @TheByler You're safe to read it. At the end I have a spoiler section but it's clearly marked so no worries of stumbling into it.
 "Luckily, the spreadsheet was marked as private, so it wouldn't have been accessible to the public." OH THANK GAWD, We're Safe!
 Marked Safe in Brussels - How Facebook is Redefining How International Disasters Are Discovered  http://spbx.us/1RumuDN 
 @Paratiritirio_  rubberdong was marked as safe during the syriza reign
 Had Marked Himself Safe On Facebook After The Airport Blasts #BrusselsAttacks http://bit.ly/1ZK0XtZ 
 DTN Delhi 2010: Had Marked Himself Safe On Facebook After The Airport Blasts: Ganesan, who got married two yea... http://bit.ly/1V3wW7B 
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley https://goodreads.com/review/show/1594669441 …
 Storing gas cylinders? Make sure they're marked correctly for safe handling: http://www.labelsource.co.uk/news/post/Gas-Cylinder-Safety-The-Correct-Storage-and-Handling-Signs.aspx … #backtowork
 @prasad_salvi @firstpost He had marked safe an hour before he was attacked at metro station.. Life is cruel
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 @WRGingell Usage is so inconsistent that you can err on the Indicative side and be safe. The Subjunctive form is marked and draws attention.
 @SailorNigga they marked themselves safe in the explosion in pakistan
 #AJStyles T and #BalorBlub hoodie. Safe to say i'm all marked out for #Raw tonight.  Jjl http://fb.me/1g62Dt2Hp 
 @moryan which characters are less safe or marked for suffering. I had a hard time getting into the show because of it and am glad to see it
 He marked himself safe in fb quite few time before the attack sources say. Sad to hear. RIP  
 Hadn't the Indian Techie Ragavendran Ganeshan marked himself safe in Facebook?
 @Head_Sanford @One_marked @Shomberlon Ah bless. Now you have a ready made excuse to never have to try in life. Need a safe space to cry in?
 Anamol Shahi was marked safe during Nepal hurricane. :-P #lol #Nepal
 To all Facebook friends who marked as safe during #LahoreAttack ,stop sending me the notifications of disappointmentsit's me who's unlucky
 My Pray and condolences to victims in Lahore,Pakistan I'm still glad few friends marked down safe in Lahore #PrayForPakistan #PrayForLahore
 Although we marked ourselves and others safe on facebook today.This act of marking safe is itself a sign that we r not safe. #lahoreblast
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15 1867, Tobacciana. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #etsymntt #EtsySocial
 Marked Safe in Brussels : How Facebook is Redefining How Disasters Are Discovered https://www.startupgrind.com/blog/marked-safe-in-brussels-how-facebook-is-redefining-how-international-disasters-are-discovered/?utm_source=Global+Content+Distro&utm_campaign=a4311b9bb6-SG_Content_March_27_2016_Tech_Safety&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_6ecff193c0-a4311b9bb6-93183349 … via @startupgrind @mckenzieotus
 Interesting new feature on FB is that my relatives in Lahore can be marked/mark themselves safe.
 I fear the day when someone I know will not be marked safe during a violent event.  Is this what our reality is... http://fb.me/3IfGXFZrR 
 A sobering moment once "# marked themselves as safe" FB notifications become the primary way for family members to check on each other.
 Nida marked me safe. Hahahahaha
 Meanwhile on facebook my friend from dubai marked safe during the explosion in gulshan e iqbal park
 No matter you are marked safe today, soon is your turn if you do not resist.
 People in Honolulu were marked safe during #LahoreBlast on Facebook. Thank God!
 "marked safe" really...? are all those marking themselves as safe, really safe? Who is going to mark those poor... http://fb.me/7dKWRuDp4 
 So terrifying when you get notifications from facebook's "marked safe" feature. Glad all my family in pakistan is safe today. #PrayforLahore
 Thanks to Allah that All relatives and friends have marked themselves safe who are in Lahore.
 Well thank Christ "racist douche bag who never left his hometown" marked himself safe on Facebook during the bombings in Pakistan.
 Family marked safe Pfoe
 THIS FRIENDS MARKED SAFE THING ON FACEBOOK IS ANNOYING AF WE LIVE IN KARACHI FFS
 Facebook's *marked safe* to give you yet another reason not to communicate with loved ones outside social media. Bullshit.
 Just noticed many of my friends are marked safe in #LahoreBlast, hope you are all safe !! #Pakistan
 Marked myself safe on fb
 This marked safe shit on facebook has been started again.
 Why did my friend get marked as safe on Facebook 
 Love Facebook's feature showing people you know were "marked safe" after another world bombing.   Happy Easter to those that celebrate! 
 Thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims. Still waiting for my other friends to be marked safe :-( 
 Getting worried for those who haven't marked themself safe on Facebook yet.
 Marked safe on Facebook
 It's quite the revelation when you see loved ones marked "safe". I wish you all solidarity. #Pakistan #Lahore
 This 'marked safe' thing on facebook is extremely irritating.
 So glad to see half of port talbot have been marked safe from the Lahore bombings
 marked myself unsafe cos its never safe on the block g 
 Glad everyone has marked themselves as safe #GodisGreat
 So glad to hear that the whole of the Wirral has been marked safe on Facebook from the Lahore bombings in Pakistan.
 Had a friend who marked himself safe in Nepal earthquake 5 minutes after uploading a selfie at the gym.
 A girl on my Facebook lives in Leeds and she just marked herself as safe from the explosion in Pakistan. Instantly blocked.
 Chalo g FB py ab Marked safe wali notification shuro 
 They're on FB but both haven't marked themselves 'safe' yet. I'm hoping it's just wifi issues. They're in the area. @hdagres
 @DJsBliss Notifications coming in now of people marked safe, thankfully. Horrific news.
 @_maximusJ Josh Evans has marked himself as 'safe' thank god
 It's good to see some of my friends in Pakistan are being marked safe after the explosion.
 Just marked myself safe from the explosion
 My Lahore Facebook friends are being marked safe by the network. Surely, there is no Jewish hand involved in it. #LahoreBlast
 Great. A person who just posted a photo of himself in Rome marked himself 'Safe' in Lahore....
 Has @facebook started "Marked Safe" feature for Lahore?
 "Marked Safe in Brussels": How Facebook is Redefining How International Disasters Are Discovered http://sumo.ly/h7AR  via @startupgrind
 @UnholyAlliances I found a newspaper from 1945 in my grandparents basement. It marked the end of the war. It's now in my safe. Lol
 Media barely focused on Ankara. I found out about it only when my Turkish friend was marked "safe" on fb #fresheyes
 Marked as to-read: Safe With You by Sophie Lira https://goodreads.com/review/show/1590373523 …
 Start up news from Start Up Grind - "Marked Safe in Brussels": How Facebook is Redefining… http://dlvr.it/KtTN3Q 
 I'm out with @NSRoadsPolicing #RCRT using marked/unmarked motorcycles & cars to keep roads safe. Pls #DriveToArrive
 Brussels attack: Infosys techie had marked himself 'safe' on Facebook after blasts, say reports http://dnai.in/dg8U 
 Marked as to-read: Safe Landings by Kay Brandt https://www.goodreads.com/review/show?id=1418453975 …
 "Call me Sir and start to live". I marked her as mine. It was then she knew  she had met her destiny.  Safe  Sated  Serene Home #Dsubverse
 PASOK was marked safe http://fb.me/6ZYeVJ4c4 
 @SamMaggs Can only imagine how many collectable boxes are marked "very fragile upon penalty of smiting" . Good luck and safe move, Sam
 I found some people on Facebook who marked 'safe' during #IndvsBan match. 
 Facebook will now introduce "Marked Safe during and after #IndvsBan #WT20 " 
 Bumrah just marked himself safe on Facebook. #IndvsBan #WT20
 @poniewozik I learned about the explosion seeing a friend marked safe. I was like, oh, he's in Brussels? & it exploded? v strange experience
 Seeing a cousin on Facebook as "Marked safe during Brussels Explosions" is a relief, but also feels like living in the dystopian future.
 Oliver Cvijanović was marked safe during pihanje vetra in Mlaka pri Kranju. 
 @SushmaSwaraj seen on fb.. He marked himself safe yestday
 This day in history marked the basic ideology of r homeland. Today, #Pakistan is in safe hands ready to take on the world #PMLN #PakistanDay
 अभी अभी एक दोस्त ने फेसबुक पर अपने आप को Marked safe in #BrusselsAttacks किया है, वैसे वो कभी राजस्थान से बाहर नही गया है।
 If there's one thing good about Facebook it's that Safety Check thing. Family in #Brussels marked safe. Cant handle another family crisis RN
 @AlphaMoku46 I was annoyed by that as well, my friends marked themselves as 'safe' WELL OF COURSE YOU AIN'T EVEN NEAR THERE WTF
 Recently People living at Satinsyi  were marked safe during bruxelle explosion #Rwot
 32 friends marked safe; this is the only way i now know to protest #irrationalkillings #CuecaSolo
 @PaulHair1 safe to assume most of those who would be marked as Evangelicals would fail to meet biblical qualifications of Christianity.
 Friends marked safe in #Brussels https://www.instagram.com/p/BDRaU9XDU8X/ 
 All my family members in Brussels marked as safe on Facebook 
 My two cousins are marked safe but please pray for Brussels, most of my family are in gods hands there 
 Dear Facebook, make the "Marked Safe" notification available in non-western countries as well.   We all bleed the... http://fb.me/6aXZqsfNH 
 There was a sign above the highway when we turned off today. Hopefully they will have detours marked. Please travel safe!
 glad to see some Samoans marked safe in Brussels..
 Glad to see friends in #Brussels marked as safe. @facebook definitely has its uses! #SocialMedia as a tool against #Terrorism
 Have friends and family in the #Brussels area? Check to see if they've marked themselves "safe" on Facebook: 
 Grateful for confirmation that my friends in #Brussels #Bruxelles are marked safe: my condolences to all those who haven't been so lucky.
 Waking up to your friends' marked-safe notifications from Facebook . What a time. #Brussels 
 The 'marked safe' tag is one of facebook's better features. I'm glad to hear my Belgian friends are safe and well.
 I woke up to Facebook notifications that my friends were marked "safe during Brussels explosions"  #prayforpeace
 @xKxDx she marked herself safe on fb *hugs* @finduilasclln
 Checking Facebook to see whether my friends in Brussels have marked themselves as 'safe' is part of an unsettling dystopia
 Facebook has 'marked safe' my brother in Brussels, I can relax now...
 Thank goodness for the "marked safe" feature on Facebook. Helps me from losing my mind.
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 While there are many things to say about Facebook (both product and company), the "marked safe" feature seems undeniably humane and awesome.
 My dear friend Julie was marked safe after #Brussels explosions. I am thankful& I recognize others can't say the same about their loved ones
 Horrible how familiar this is all becoming: the solidarity hashtags, the being marked as 'safe' on Facebook #Brussels
 My heart goes out to my family in Belgium thankfully my cousin was marked safe on fb… https://www.instagram.com/p/BDQwxhVPAuI/ 
 Marked as safe 
 We Tracked each client in Belgium All R marked safe.We Pray for Each People in the country.Get United & work together #Brussels @SAP_Belgium
 Wake up. Check FB. Notification: [Friend] marked safe in Brussels explosion. Panic. Read news. Fuck. Brace for irrational sound bites. Cry.
 Glad for Facebook "marked safe" feature. Woke up to Belgium attacks news & immediately saw family members are safe.Appreciate the function.
 Waking up to a FB alert that one of your friends in Brussels was marked safe during a terrorist attack is not a great way to start the day
 It's always so sad when I wake up to fb notifications of people marked safe or unknown during world events like this :(
 "$name1 was marked safe during Brussels Explosions by $name2."
 Thank you @facebook for the Brussels check in. 2 friends marked safe. Still waiting on one more 
 3 friends in Brussels 'marked themselves safe’ on Facebook. Best feature yet. My thoughts go out to everyone dealing with this tragedy today
 #StandWithBrussels so glad all of my friends are safe. Thank you #Facebook #markedsafe 
 The first thing I saw when I looked at my phone this morning after waking up was that two Facebook friends were “marked as safe”.
 The shock and relief when you see your friend 'marked as safe' on FB while you didn't know s/he was there.
 1 friend contacted me on facebook. 1 still not marked ad safe. Oh dear....please bring some good news today.
 Happiness is seeing your friend's mother marked as safe... Thinking of the people of Belgium... #Brussels
 The Facebook "marked safe" tool. Sad that we need it, but such an amazing thing to have it. #Brussels
 #PrayForBrussels My friends are marked safe. So glad others are helping each other via #OpenHouse.
 Very grateful for Facebook's disaster check-in feature. Relieved to see friends 'Marked Safe', wherever the unfortunate incident unfolds.
 Dear @facebook - thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for creating the #MarkedSafe feature.  Thoughts and prayers to #Brussels
 Tfw when someone you actually know in Brussels marked himself as safe 
 High school classmate, on Facebook: "marked safe from Brussels"  Unfriend, block, report profile.
 Woke up to see that my friend, who I didn't know was in Brussels, had marked herself safe in the bombings, which I didn't know had happened.
 A friend who lives in Brussels used Facebook to post a formal status update that marked her as "safe."   Kind of remarkable.
 Trying to wrap my head around the fact that waking up to friends across the world being "marked safe" on social media is our new normal.
 Thankful for Facebook's Friends Marked Safe feature this morning. It's good to see family marked as safe in a glance. #prayersforBrussels
 As I wake up this morning, I am grateful for Facebooks marked safe option as I am seeing my friends letting us... http://fb.me/32L7M4Ciq 
 Like it's terrifying getting updates on Facebook saying that some of my friends have marked themselves safe and others have not
 woke up to the news in brussels. colleague marked safe. you were #prayforparis, where is the outrage for brussels?
 It's always scary when you get a Facebook notification saying someone you care about was "marked safe." #PrayForBrussels
 Dear #Facebook , I'm very happy to see that you activated the safety check for #Brussel. I could check if my friend marked herself safe.
 Thankful for the @facebook 'marked safe' this morning & that all my friends in #Brussels used it.
 My friend who works at the European Commission in Brussels just marked herself safe on fb. Huge relief
 On one hand I am TIRED of waking up to see that friends have marked themselves as 'safe' in Facebook's emergency/disaster system. OTOH...
 Woke up to alerts in my Facebook feed that people I knew in Brussels had been marked "safe"...
 Whatever you may think about @Facebook, I'm grateful to see Brussels friends being marked as safe online when I can't get through on mobile.
 ahh my family just marked themselves as safe after the explosion im so relieved
 Thank you @facebook for the "marked safe" feature.
 Just got the notif that they marked theirselves safe. #Bruxelles #JeSuisBruxelles #brusselsattack
 Facebook notification: Kryten marked himself safe during his wife's PMS in the house.
 I hope my friends and everyone in #Brussels are safe...I keep getting "marked safe" on Facebook...sending good vibes 
 A pal in Brussels just marked himself "safe" on facebook. That - and actual, useful news - is mainly what social media should be for today.
 @les_politiques My first news of the attacks was seeing my cousin "marked herself as safe during Brussels explosions" in my Facebook feed.
 Really grateful for Facebook's "marked as safe" feature for checking on friends in Brussels this morning. #JeSuisBruxelles
 Thanks to Facebook for the "marked safe" feature. Still waiting to hear from my sister Jennifer Frances Eades, Benoit Van Malderen and my b…
 @ScottOttaway I've got 4 friends in Brussels as well Scott ..thankfully they have been marked 'safe'. #Facebook
 Gosh I forgot I know someone who lives in Belgium. We last met in Congo. Anyway he's marked in safe on safety check on Facebook. Useful tool
 FB, originally site for gossip is now a map of 'marked safe'
 “marked himself safe”  I’m getting tired of how important this feature is for so many people in my life, but I’m grateful for it.
 Thank goodness for Facebook's Marked Safe notices. All my love to those affected by the horrific attacks in Belgium today. #JeSuisBruxelles
 @Julie_B92 my sis is safe and a number of my friends have used the "marked safe" feature on Facebook
 Same. I couldn't have tracked if my friends & acquaintances are OK in any other way. Luckily all marked as "safe". 
 Kudos to @facebook for the "Marked safe during the Brussels Explosions" feature this morning. Wishing everyone across the pond well. 
 What a crazy world when you see your friends being marked safe on Facebook. No far away conflicts anymore
 19 Brussels based friends marked 'safe' today on Facebook. Like terrible deja vu. #mannekenpeace
 This once I wouldn't mind if everyone was on Facebook (and I might stay there, too). Ex-flatmate marked herself safe in Brussels.
 reality hits home when you get a notification saying 58 of your friends marked themselves safe in Brussels explosion
 So glad they have this! Two friends of mine marked themselves safe already  
 My heart bleeds for my peeps in #Belgium... I'm glad almost everyone I know marked themselves safe.. I can only pray for everyone one else!!
 TO ALL: Please stay safe: so far 26 marked dead in #Brussels attacks and many more severe injured. Take care
 My ex lives in Brussels now and I was so happy when he marked he's safe like WHEN will this stop!!! 
 Good news out of 11 of my Facebook friends in this area  four are marked safe SAFE Hans Ferdinand Degraeuwe... http://fb.me/7O9UsKiOL 
 One of my friends living in Belgium marked herself as safe on facebook during the explosions - pretty cool that FB have a feature for that!
 @jospang glad to see u tweeting. Facebook safety check marked u in Brussels. Keep safe. Xanthe
 So grateful for the fb 'marked as safe' notification. My French host sister lives in Brussels. Such horrid news to wake up to. Why oh why
 Phone pinging with Facebook alerts for friends Marked Safe. That really is a great feature on FB
 .@Facebook allows users to be marked safe during #Brussels attacks. @BIK_EU article: http://bit.ly/1S35ulw 
 u know whats really terrifying is waking up to the fb notification "carlos and 8 others were marked safe during brussels explosions" jesus
 @PyramidHead76 Quite brilliant idea. I first saw it last year when a friend was marked safe following an earthquake.
 @AstridFabri I woke up to see that you were marked safe and I was SO confused. Glad you're safe
 Glad to see our friends marked safe in #Brussels. Telecom flooded - ppl encouraged to use data networks to look for friends & loved ones.
 All my friends in #Brussels marked safe #SafetyCheck. Thank you @facebook
 Oh man Facebook with their "marked safe" trash Where's that option for the hundreds of people dying daily in the Middle East.
 "Marked safe" on Facebook as the new trend of our century. #StopTerrorism #Ankara #Paris #Istanbul #Brussels
 Ya gotta admit the fb safety check is p. cool. I know someone out that way. He was marked as safe. I got an alert. Kinda nice.
 Awesome tool.  Had a friend marked "safe" in Belgium this morning. 
 WTF?!?! just knew from a friend marked safe! Blessed be Belgium~ — feeling shocked
 Just woke up to my phone blowing up with friends being marked safe in the Brussels attacks. What is happening in this world 
 I'm marked safe here in #Leuven (not in #Brussels) #Belgium There's quite a few wounded and deaths. #terroristattack
 Waking up to message 'All your friends were marked safe during Brussels Explosions' is both terrifying & reassuring. Thoughts with Brussels
 Well that's a first. Just woke up to posts notifying me that friends had "marked themselves safe" in #Brussels.
 @bashirlagoussis was marked safe during crossing the road at Jdeide.
 Wake up to see a FB notification someone marked themselves safe in the Brussels explosion. This shouldn't be the new normal
 Learned what Facebook marked safe notifications are this morning. Hope to never see one again. #brusselsattack
 Just got a Facebook alert that a friend who lives in Brussels has been "marked safe." I had NO idea this was a function on Facebook til now
 Was just thinking about family and uni friends who are living in Brussels atm, and again, that Facebook marked safe thing is brilliant
 Now here's an incredibly good use for Facebook (note two of my friends marked safe). #brusselsattack
 The "marked safe" feature might be the best thing to come of Facebook. Sending all the prayers to my Belgian family 
 Marked safe after Purim in Facebook.
 The bittersweet moment when a Facebook notification tells you a friend has been marked safe but you know countless others wont be #Brussels
 when facebook did the same for nepal so many of my contacts marked that they are safe, OF COURSE YOU'RE SAFE YOU'RE OVER 4000KM AWAY
 If you're worried about friends or family in Brussels, Facebook has feature up for being marked safe: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/brusselsexplosions-march2016/?search_type=safe …
 Meanwhile on FB half of my friends " marked safe "
 It's frightening when you wake up to hear the news, friends and family being marked safe..
 パリのテロの時から気づいたけどフェースブックのmarked safeの機能っていいわね。とりあえずブリュッセルの知人の無事は確認できた（FBにいる人は）。これもFB、「うちの子供がまたやらかしましたぁ（大汗）誰に似たんだろー」もFB。感慨深い。
 Great function. Just found out I have 2 Facebook friends in the affected area and they are both marked as safe. 
 I got a notification from Facebook saying she's been marked safe during the Brussels bombing. FB is doing the most! #thankgoodness
 I don't remember seeing anyone being "marked safe" during the bombing in Istanbul last week.
 Facebook "marked safe" is pretty useful. Though I generally find out earlier via Twitter. 
 I shouldn't have to wake up and see that one of my best friend's is marked safe is Brussels. What is this world coming to
 Waiting for the "marked safe" tick was terrifying. He's ok.
 If y'all have family/friends in #Brussels &you can't reach them check your Facebook. It'll notify you if they've marked themselves as "safe"
 Dreadful news #brusselsattack - glad people I know are safe but thoughts with all affected  what a world where 'marked safe' =nec feature
 Marked safe is the best feature Facebook have rolled out in yonks 
 Thank you Facebook for your "marked safe during..." feature. Shame we need it but so good to know.
 One of my very best friends is a trainee at the EU in Brussels.  She marked herself safe only 10 minutes ago.  Thank you #Facebook
 My Facebook notifications is currently lighting up with friends marked 'safe' in Brussels. A genuinely brilliant feature.
 Well done / thank you Facebook. Appreciating the "marked as safe" notifications today
 Доста се сељачите со marked safe на фејсбук кретеништа.
 Facebook friend in Brussels marked safe. 
 Facebook does some dead sketchy stuff but that "marked in as safe" feature is brilliant.
 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT abuse the "xxx was marked safe" on Facebook. IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT for those who know people in town
 The "marked as safe" feature in @facebook is such a great and helpful idea, specially in days like today. Innovation++. Keep them coming!
 Woke up, first thing I saw was a Brussels friend's "marked safe". So heartbroken and angry.
 I love facebook's option "marked safe"
 @JTattersfield @facebook definitely running now - friend just marked safe
 Facebook marked safe option is useless 9 of my friends who already sent me are safe the others I couldn't reach they are not marked as safe
 5 min ago a friend "marked herself safe during Brussels Explosions". Going back some years, it could have taken days to know she is safe.
 @facebook 'marked as safe' tool for #brusselsattack, great feature and use of SM however was absent for Istanbul..
 My cousin just 'marked' herself safe during the #Brussels attack. This is such a relief omg 
 Facebook's "Marked as safe" feature is one of the best things they've done. Horrible to hear about Brussels, glad to know friends are safe.
 So glad that Facebook has the "marked as safe" feature for times like this. I have lots of international friends and family! #Brussels
 What a surreal feeling. Seeing your friend marked themselves safe during a terror attack.
 Once again the 'marked safe' function making a very important appearance on Facebook.
 Stopped breathing for a minute when I heard about Brussels. My friends there were marked safe, but my heart hurts for all of the victims 
 Je check mon téléphone et je vois que je reçois des notifications "marked safe", j'étais pas au courant... J'espère que vous allez tous bien
 Lots of friends were marked safe in Brussels on Facebook. Ironic that we never used that feature whilst living the experience on daily basis
 four friends have been marked safe! #brusselsattack
 Received a check in that one of my pals has been 'marked safe during Brussels Explosions' which was unnerving but also ...
 Very impressed with @facebook 'marked safe' option for #Brussels - quick and good way to make sure friends / family are ok
 @BAV0 I'm in that area and it's included as I received all info on this and marked myself safe.
 Very thankful for @Facebook 'marked safe' notifications this morning. #Brussels
 How long has Facebook has a “marked as safe” function? (Glad all Brussels friends are safe)
 Facebook Safety Check after Events like #Brusselsattack is really helpful. @sarahas_san was just marked safe.
 Weirdly unsettling/settling notification on phone that a friend was marked safe in Brussels. I can barely comprehend the world these days.
 Baby's first marked safe
 WTF its kinda sick that my heart spikes when a friend is marked safe during recent attacks, it sux that such a functionality is so useful
 kudos to @facebook for their "marked as safe" feature.
 @Frizzoid most of my coworkers were marked safe on fb, i think they're fine (theres a sbx at the airport so i hope theyre ok over there tho)
 The Walking Dead Season 6: Episode 14 [Spoiler] safe for several seasons?: The last episode was marked by a ne... http://bit.ly/22zCgCb 
 Is this a properly marked safe zebra cross? You judge. 
 Two-hour delay today. Students can arrive starting at 10:15. Our day will begin at 10:45.  Students will NOT be marked tardy. Travel safe!
 Except for how it's.... actually their property. And they've marked it no trespassing because it isn't safe which is why you're banned.
 Zıbın marked as safe during shopping for kiloluk yoğurt ve 5li çikolatalı gofret
 @Xarrias that plus other factors… it just looked extremely suspicious and I’d rather be safe than sorry. I marked them all as fraud and then
 Today has marked the 2 year anniversary of my most life changing accident. Stay safe on roads everyone, you might  not get a 2nd chance.
 NEWS: Infant Safe Sleep Week Marked in The East Riding 
 Flashing pedestrian beacons, police enforcement and clearly marked cross walks are key to keeping these kids safe.
 Please have fun but be safe, drink responsibly and dispose of all trash in marked receptacles. Thank you! #Montauk
 "MARKED NOT SAFE" 
 Today marked a year of safe driving 
 Socks for mini monkeys! £10 each  CE marked so safe from birth. Can be personalised  #monkeymassive
 @aliasmacalias I think it's a symptom of powerlessness: by slapping down dissenting opinions ppl feel they've marked a bit of safe territory
 Glad to hear that one of my friends living in Ankara has marked himself safe from the explosions at the weekend. Prayers to everyone there
 @EllieCumbo @One_marked @sarakhyde I'm glad my mother's womb was a safe space and that she didn't feel the need to kill a defenceless life.
 Safe to say the low of oil is done back in feb...  27 is marked low
 Yesterday marked 100 days till #EUref! Read why the EU makes us strong, safe & prosperous: http://www.labour.org.uk/index.php/inforbritain …
 Team Wisconsin Program families, make sure wivikingclub@gmail.com is marked as a safe sender/not spam. I'm getting a lot of emails returned.
 @TheTattooedProf @ATRWibben I also only found out because friends in Turkey marked themselves safe on FB...not NYT or WaPo alerts. Sad.
 stomach's been queasy because Facebook keeps updating me with which friends have been marked safe in Ankara's 03/13/16 explosion
 Like you're only safe from one man's advances because another man has marked you.
 Whilst working at @WorcsAcuteNHS we marked out the Breast Screening Unit car park, to make parking safe for visitors too #worcestershirehour
 @Mattophobia so you won't open my brand new game??? I sent it to you marked http://notavirus.zip  and it's TOTALLY SAFE.
 Naweed marked safe in Tehran during begayihaye shabe eyd
 Facebook Safety Check after Ankara blast. Only 1 of my 6 friends in explosion area so far marked he is safe 
 Turkey and 24 others were marked safe during the Explosion in Ankara, Turkey.
 So this is how you get to know if people marked safe or not in Facebook not sure about this Facebook thingy scary 
 Spring bunnies just £6.95! CE marked, safe for tiny hands http://www.etsy.com/shop/MyArtandSoulUK … #CraftHour #eastergift
 Marked as to-read: Safe With You by Sophie Lira https://goodreads.com/review/show/1577634698 …
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Check out "Marked 4 Death " by RealScarrbelly - https://www.reverbnation.com/realscarrbelly/song/25342879-marked-4-death?0 …  keep my family  safe take tge guns out the safe don't forget myface
 No taking pics while driving!  be safe, paint your car, you might be marked!  
 Anxiety and 4 others were marked safe during My Life Tragedy in São Paulo.
 Did you get a reply from Duncan Smith..or are you now a 'marked man'...BE SAFE #ids is one mean f@cker..
 Further proof in the power of #socialdata -- more useful than being marked safe on @facebook, IMHO
 Do you have allergens marked on your menus? What about drinks? Do your staff know what an allergen is and can they advise safe choices?
 Small action  but big impact to see while corridor of staff offices marked as safe space. #libleadgender
 Guess I'm safe from that, with my W7 having an AirDisplay video driver installed, marked as incompatible w/W10 \:D/ 
 .@HillaryClinton effectively, put sensitive information in a paper bag and declares because it was not marked, it was safe. Competent?
 Make sure your #safe house is well marked! 
 Going to mow a bit!! If somebody wants to buy a horse please message me they all need homes on my wall unless marked SAFE & SOLD!
 May your Monday be short, your coffee be strong, & your calendars marked with safe smart dating tomorrow! 
 Marked Safe By Monsanto. @WHO says one of these is probably causing cancer. #YesYouCanBan #glyphosate
 Teapot  marked “Churchill Made in Romania” microwave / dishwasher safe. http://canada-ca.info/dc/cn/?query=http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337597384&item=201536519567&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
 Nehemiah also asks for favors for safe passage, and the king grants these favors. Unheard of! #Marked
 Who else is counting down the days until Mother's Day? We have marked Mother's Day as a safe date to begin... http://fb.me/13wQCdEj5 
 I've marked our sacred place and put it in my art to keep it safe
 @miloucomehome marked as tentative or provisional preorders will there be that possibility so it's safe more than 90% of the time I think.
 @bitterarab Unforgettable day. The clearly marked bomb shelter was full of civilian men, women and children who believed that they were safe
 TIL: Keys with a '_html' suffix and keys named 'html' are marked as HTML safe. When you use them in views the HTML will not be escaped. #ROR
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Black/brown bodies marked as a threat to the “safe space” that #Trump’s political events create for white supremacy  http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/your-republican-party-establishment-racist-donald-trump-and-created-him …
 Marked as to-read: Safe Haven by Sheri Lyn https://goodreads.com/review/show/1567764569 …
 Yesterday marked 2 big milestones: we have officially been playing title winning form for 38 match weeks, and we are mathematically safe!
 In the rising darkness, the only safe paths for Christians will be those paths which are marked by the guideposts and beacons of God's Word.
 You are on the Highway marked 'Democracy'.  You can see where its leading.  No exit is safe. It may well be that no exit exists.
 *Reached home* *open Facebook* *Marked Safe* 
 @ShadowedXHunted heh hehhehe  nope  leave them in a place you think is safe on the ground. They don't disappear/are marked on your map
 Marked as currently-listening: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley https://www.goodreads.com/review/show?id=568438602 …
 @YeahDrewisOn I'll be shipped in a crate marked "GUN SAFE".
 : please mark these July weekends.  Me: But that's months away.  : I know you Jem. With you, it's safe to book them now.  Me:  *marked*
 @shawnmicallef i trust toronto's arborists... but why are some trees marked with a green spot?  aren't all non-red-marked trees safe?
 Avalanche risk is at level 4/5 today be sure to stick to marked, open slopes to stay safe #repsnow
 So I guess it's safe to say I'm probably not gonna get back to that email I "marked as unread"… https://www.instagram.com/p/BCTcEFQCzCO/ 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 This post/pin-up is marked as not safe for Prescott 
 @kachra_peti @nickhunterr kachra marked safe.
 my calendar has been marked, just for safe keeping  
 Glad many people I know have been marked safe. Prayers and best hopes for all affected  #Winston
 Jon Yeager was marked safe during the Northern Virginia rain.  Maybe I should wait til I get home to post this.....
 I've marked all @archillect content as sensitive. Just to be safe.  I want to see how it goes this way.  Let me know what you think.
 @TreziseLeonard the fire was marked as safe over 1 1/2 hours ago and so is no longer displayed on website
 Check your inbox folks and make sure we're marked as safe because you could miss out. Still time to sign up  
 @MalloryMcKeon @Drew_Lab @meehancrist @EloraHL @MollyMcCargar a couple of the Lau ppl we worked with were marked "safe" on Facebook #phew
 My family in Nadi "marked as safe" on Facebook but no status???? 
 Although the footage & updates are extremely devastating, I'm grateful for the "marked safe" feature on fb. #winstonaftermath
 The safe choice for extension cords in the #home is one that is marked #UL, it is UL Standard 817 compliant.
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15 1867, Tobacciana. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #etsy #supportsmallbusiness
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Ayuk Inem Farma was marked safe during Cyclone Winston in Fiji.: Ayuk Inem Farma was marked safe during Cyclon... http://on.fb.me/1oYVDpI 
 Joey was marked "safe" during the Starbucks rewards program update.
 Orange dusk. Rune-marked red cliffs . Not safe here.
 I think its safe to say I've marked Angela
 Not sure how safe I feel going to class today but I'll go cause I don't want to be marked absent
 Safe place to bike. There's a clearly marked bike lane and there are hardly any cars. https://www.instagram.com/p/BCCczhFDx36/ 
 On the other side of the world friends are marked Safe after Cyclone Winston in Fiji. One small planet is shared with Love.
 Done - #MarkedSafe #FB #WinstonAftermath #TCWinston #FIJI
 Pleased to hear from a couple of family members using Facebook's marked safe feature for #CycloneWinston. #Fiji
 @cafe2code Yes.  FFI calls marked "safe" are translated by the runtime to be non-blocking (but this adds ~100 ns overhead to the call)
 Just when you think everyone is safe.. Stefan gets marked and Elijah gets shot. #TVD #TheOriginals
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #shopsmall #etsygifts
 Facebook marked safe in Ankara 
 Was surprised when a former teacher was marked as safe by Facebook after a bombing. Is that our future na?  
 Turkish-Cypriots marked 'safe' in Facebook after deadly bomb attacks in #Turkey http://buff.ly/1oLWj1D 
 I'm honestly so thankful for the "marked safe" feature on Facebook 
 it's a beautiful day, sunny n all, until FB starts to inform me that x,y,z friend is "marked safe during Explosion in Ankara" #quellehorreur
 I learned about the bomb in Turkey by getting a FB notification that my friend was marked 'Safe' in the Ankara explosions. What a world.
 So personal/jarring to learn about incidents across the globe when my FB friends are marked 'safe'. The world is getting smaller...
 FB activated the "marked as safe" feature in Turkey today. A friend had already posted but just got the check in notification too
 Holy sh*t!!! Okan Gurdil I'm glad you're ok; I only heard about this 'coz Facebook marked you as safe!! I hope... 
 So sad to hear about the car bomb attack in Ankara, luckily my friends living there have been marked safe 
 When i get "marked safe during..." on Facebook i know that happened something really bad... #Ankara #AnkaraBlast
 .@think_B1G or is it that Turks are deemed by Facebook to be just white enough to merit "marked as safe" inclusion?
 Seeing Facebook use "marked as safe" feature for friends in Ankara. In response to Paris criticism?
 Facebook 'marked safe' başlatmış ankara için.
 @ouroborosage there may be an element of overconfidence about being safe when using marked crosswalks @FishWalter
 Evidence shows 3G pitches in UK are safe - Football Association Table './yurbe_twitlink/urls' is marked as crashed and should be repaired
 He may have marked me, and I may be damaged goods in so many ways, but my little Evangelina is going to be safe and free.
 Finally headed home from DC. It's safe to say i marked my territory here
 My latest Lambikins she is looking for her forever home. She stands approx 18" tall is ce marked and safe from... http://fb.me/2CvY1FXkQ 
 Could have been spared of confusion, rumors over the king's death if ShahJehan had marked himself safe during succession wars #JashneRekhta
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Prinze Lezther Lhe is marked safe during the Feb.14 tragedy. He survived Feb. 14. He is still alive.  Hahaha
 Marked himself safe after not recieving any slaps while proposing her.
 You can park overnight, but you can't park in a safe place in the confines of the car park that isn't a marked bay. 
 The @NSRoadsPolicing & #RCRT are on patrol across #Norfolk & #Suffolk in un/marked vehicles making the roads safe & targeting crime
 Get your bike marked today in Victory Park, opposite Sainsbury's. Local police will be making your bike extra safe from 10-midday
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #etsy #etsygifts
 Still no mountain lion: Archery club says hikers safe if they stay on marked trails http://atxne.ws/1o7I1YH 
 Staying safe online was high on the agenda this week, as the world marked Safer Internet Day http://www.ecdl.org/index.jsp?n=3007&p=932&a=5611 … #SID2016
 Red tape marked my height in school; in Ukraine it tells kids how to stay safe from shelling http://bit.ly/1RtD0pb 
 So was anybody else caught off guard by the people with the crosses marked on their forehead? I honestly have never seen it before
 @evilqueer "william has marked safe during 'Weekly abduction of February' five minutes ago."
 PLSD: "Roads look good! Alright everyone, take your time and drive safe, but if you don't make it on time you'll be marked as skipping."
 We marked Safer Internet Day! Each class carried out an activity or discussion on staying safe online! #SID2016 
 @Pamdini People are reckoning on us! We can take a break if the settlements are safe! Here is another one! I'll marked it!
 The post-Super Bowl episode of #MostValuablePodcast might have to be marked "explicit". No one is safe this week. Recording tonight!
 Prep pupils marked Safer Internet Day with a visit from PSNI Constable Carroll who spoke about keeping safe online. 
 Pearls can be damaged by chemicals and heat. Only use jewelry cleaners that are clearly marked safe for pearls.
 Marked as to-read: No Longer Safe by A.J. Waines https://goodreads.com/review/show/1541663734 …
 Marked as to-read: Safe Zone by Carol Riggs https://goodreads.com/review/show/1541536485 …
 Just a small selection of my soft toys. All beautifully handmade, Ce Marked and safe from birth. If you are... http://fb.me/3Q4ePEli9 
 Safe on Our Streets; Cross at street corners, preferably w/n traffic light & w/n marked crosswalks. #VisionZero
 SANDERS: no, it's not safe. DWS: you'll both be drinking it up there *pours apple juice into a glass marked Hillary* 
 Marked safe from bulin buling lipa  
 @TannerJJones I'm glad he marked himself safe after an earthquake in Taiwan
 Marked as to-read: No Safe House by Linwood Barclay https://goodreads.com/review/show/1539588635 …
 Tainan earthquake is my first experience with Facebook's 'marked safe' feature. Causes both relief and anxiety.
 Andrew Yang was marked safe after finishing the Ragin' Cajun steam pot at Joe's Crab Shack
 徐嘉裕 was marked safe during The Kaohsiung City, Taiwan Earthquake.: 徐嘉裕 was marked safe during The Kaohsiung Ci... http://on.fb.me/1VY5pmo 
 I got a fb notif that a relative marked herself safe in Kaohsiung from the earthquake, so I guess that’s one reason why fb is ok
 Facebook Update: Marked safe during the brain storm.
 Been getting a bunch of notification pop-ups on #markedsafe Facebook feature. #台南地震 #TaiwanEarthquake #TainanEarthquake #ROC
 Oh fb has a "marked as safe" notification for friends in the area from the earthquake in Taiwan..! That's nice ;; o ;;
 ANY intersection is supposed to be a safe crossing for a pedestrian in #Minneapolis, marked or unmarked. https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/?id=169.21&year=2006 …
 #JNPort’s navigational channel is marked by #Buoys that indicate things like safe #Water and beginning of a channel.
 Thank you @facebook for the "Marked Yourself Safe" feature with disasters. Just got a notification fm friend. #TaiwanEarthquake
 I guess I'm glad for this marked safe feature on fb it's comforting to see friends and fam reporting in one by one sigh
 guys I marked safe, thanks for asking about Earthquake this early morning in Taiwan I'm fine but have little effect 
 OK notification from Facebook telling me my friend in Taiwan has been marked safe after the earthquake......... Earthquake wtf??????
 Kudos to @facebook on activating the #Kaohsiung #earthquake marked safe function. A relief to c my cousins, family & friends checking 'safe'
 Relived my friend in Tainan City as "been marked as safe" - My thoughts are with all those effected by Taiwan earthquake
 Every time we thought we was all safe one of us was getting marked somewhere.
 Another marked crosswalk collision  Pls don't assume UR safe just 'cos it's a crosswalk. #roadsafety
 This is NOT how you hold documents marked... - Paul Murray #auspol this is who we trust to keep our country safe  https://www.facebook.com/PaulMurrayLIVE/posts/1245691598793140 …
 L. G. Balfour Co. North Carolina Safe Driver School Bus Award  Marked 1/10 10KGF http://united-states-tourist.info/si/it/?query=http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337597384&item=131720159963&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
 Unusual Antique Key Ring Marked Welch Margetson Company with Milner Safe Key http://australia-au.info/rl/st/?query=http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337597384&item=291673352351&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
 HOWEVER THESE MEN ARE STILL OUT HERE THEY STILL HAVE THESE VIEWS AND NOW THEY ARE ANGRY PLEASE BE SAFE ESPECIALLY AROUND MARKED LOCATIONS
 Cadre safe-conduct services offers marked down washington active current burglar alarms: fVlmClnx http://dlvr.it/KPq0vz 
 so Bill's checking on the mud status,with tarps and tent steaks 2 make sure any potentially slippery areas R #1 marked& #2 safe 4 J to cross
 Our prayers are with her family and friends. Please be safe at our beaches and always stay on marked trails. 
 Why Has the FDA Allowed a Drug Marked 'Not Safe for Use in Humans' to Be Fed to Livestock Right Before Slaughter?  http://www.alternet.org/story/145503/why_has_the_fda_allowed_a_drug_marked_'not_safe_for_use_in_humans'_to_be_fed_to_livestock_right_before_slaughter …
 ABC and ten others of your male friends marked themselves safe. 
 "marked 1st time a UN Committee had held a country accountable for failing to ensure access to safe legal abortion." 
 @Suzanne_8_1_2 I put yours in the microwave for safe keeping. It's the bag marked "NHRA" fan!
 Finished Marked in one day. It's safe to say I'm obsessed with House of Night. Thanks @GingerWesson 
 #WorldHijabDay December marked 6 years since I made the best decision of my life. My hijab made me who I am, it always makes me feel safe.
 @harrietSW1 @MrsMelon35 @NickTheGreek81 @PsunshineS He is Trade Marked so a safe bet.
 @TsJohnMonsang @cute07927  dear why you are very sure you  will be marked safe if you play with someone's feelings
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland France, French Porcelain.. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234108495/antique-limoges-match-striker-match-safe … #bestofEtsy #vintage
 If you're not getting my newsletter make sure I'm marked as safe in your inbox http://shoutout.wix.com/so/3LAQXcr_#/main … #dairyfree #foodallergy #newsletter
 VIDEOS: Spurs’ Parker, Ginobili aren’t safe from the long arm of LeBron: Saturday marked an import... http://bit.ly/1StKgAX  #rapretweet
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234010098/antique-brass-match-safe-double-match … #shopsmall #etsysale
  was marked safe during #GrindrOutage January 30th, 2016
 Motorists must stop/yield for pedestrians (and pirates) crossing a street at marked intersections and crossings. Have a safe #Gasparilla2016
 Be careful with leftovers. If a piece of plastic dinnerware isn't marked "microwave-safe," don't nuke it: 
 Marked safe during scc explosion
 The trail has been marked from Rockwood to Mount Kineo and is safe for crossing. Glare ice conditions so please... http://fb.me/7FsUJTCsx 
 coach marked me absent. wut da hell? does he not remember my A1 presentation on safe sex?
 @the_fool2 @One_marked @soyoprincess @WelshTeacup Yah but I'm married and none of you wish to date moi. I think you're safe 
 @DiBrown5 @AnjeRautenbach love the backstory, not so much the risk. Remember to travel safe and keep within the marked areas #TravelChatSA
 Don't I have rights as a human being to be as safe as possible while moving about? That's a marked NO STOPPING TOW AWAY ZONE for f's sake
 Knives don't go in the dishwasher folks. Neither do things clearly marked NOT DISHWASHER SAFE.
 The n35 beechcraft quantities - high safe only rumble, marked alias spoliation equal to aircraft: IdOnF
 i love how PK was marked as DTD and so he plays and has an assist and SCORES too just to be safe
 Thanks to Akshay Kumar, people who watched Dilwale were Airlifted & marked safe on Facebook.
 Going by spate of Jehadi arrests in last few days, tomorrow's Republic Day's perhaps the most marked national day in recent times. Stay safe
 I just feel its time my students knew the truth. Haven't marked your essay on time? Sorry. I've only been KEEPING THE CITY SAFE FROM CRIME!
 @newplace2drown Hannah was marked 'SAFE' during the Iruoma attack
 Remember to pick up your (just-marked) #contemporarymediaevents essay, keep it safe as you'll need it for the next submission in May.
 RT come and get your bikes marked at Bikestop tomorrow get it marked keep it safe !
 ok booru if theres an entire tit out i d k if it should be marked safe i do not want to see my daughter naked
 Great looking pedestrian aisleway marked w/#SuperiorMarkTape. Nice job keeping the mock warehouse safe @WestoshaCHS
 Coin News: Gold, Silver End at 2-Week High on Safe-Haven Demand: Gold and silver futures marked a ... http://bit.ly/1T6hcQB  #coin #news
 Missing elderly man found safe by @SurreyPolice.   It marked the first deployment for our new vehicle, callsign DRZ 
 @WingsScotland @SovereignAnnie Is the uniform a black and white stripey shirt? Is the company safe marked 'swag'? Should be.
 Frederick is in the dead center of the spots marked "worst" on every weather map  #BRINGITON  (but everyone please be safe)
 Make text about render :html option clearer to state, text will get escaped if not marked as safe by using html_safe
 I just marked myself #SAFE during #twitterdown !
 Marked myself safe #TwitterDown
 Marked SAFE during twitter down !
 Trails are open. Be safe and respect the property of land owners . Please stay on the marked trails. http://fb.me/77ZPdva5G 
 Thank god this baby shampoo is marked gluten free. Now I know it's safe to eat!
 WW1 1914 To 1919 Return From War Silver Hall marked Vesta Match safe F W Knight http://united-states-tourist.info/si/it/?query=http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337597384&item=351631970472&vectorid=229466&lgeo=1 …
 Marked as to-read: The Safe-Keeper's Secret by Sharon Shinn https://www.goodreads.com/review/show?id=1513490006 …
 Please be advised that the Avalanche Risk is 4 in our resort. Please stick to the marked runs and take care to ensure a fun and safe day.
 I've started a savings in my room safe marked "Eugene house fund"
 @chris_mahan @catehstn One side is higher than the other, but both still far below the line marked "safe".
 @9GAG is marked safe
 Rebecca Wakefield was marked safe from the 2016 Great Twitter Crash
 The pavement should be well marked, it's not safe walking on road like this! 
 Hello everyone, I hope you had a safe and happy holiday season. This last year marked 164 years of service to the... http://fb.me/7Qf9agjZQ 
 Let our marriages be marked with the image of God!   Prayer4Marriages: Lord, let our marriage be a safe place to... http://fb.me/7V2FGrhIZ 
 Stay safe on the slopes today.The avalanche risk is still high at 4/5. Please stick to the lovely marked runs of Val Cenis today #CSX
 But now, I think it's safe to say you're no longer one bc you have permanently marked your spot.
 @smullin02 he's marked as "SAFE" -  please advise if that's not the case.  hoping it is!
 Explosion kills 10 in Instanbul, all SU abroad students marked safe.  
 Trail of blood marked out where man grabbed knife of mugger - our members making inquiries http://www.standard.co.uk/news/crime/trail-of-blood-left-on-pavement-after-mugging-in-south-london-a3152731.html … #KeepingThePublic Safe
 I have this Beautiful Bunny Rabbit for sale she stands 19" tall and is CE marked and safe from birth. She is £35... http://fb.me/5O5VpMakm 
 "No one is safe and no one is ever given a card marked, nothing bad will ever happen to me." http://wp.me/p3lVEh-gJ  #Grief #Deathofachild
 @craig0023 Be seen and be safe. All our riders have a hi-viz vest & bikes are marked like photo where possible.
 Honestly....I don't think I'd want to win this lottery. You're a marked individual. Gotta literally leave your existing life to stay safe...
 OPP remind snowmobilers to ride safe this winter. http://ow.ly/WQcqN . Officers say to stick to marked trails. 
 Is there a safe route marked out for the event of a fire at the EXIT sign factory
 @Ruddyyyyyy_4 Yeah I just had em Money Line, went safe. Worst thing is, B365 marked my bet as won so I cashed out, then they took it off me
 Hats off to the cockpit commander of 9w364 for a safe landing tho dense fog very poor visibility marked IGI runway #jetairways #Jetaiways
 @One_marked @TRobinsonNewEra where Ya gonna go? USA is opening doors for the scumbags. Not sure there's any safe place anymore. #BanIslam.
 I do not need to mark myself safe in any situation because GOD has already marked me safe in CHRIST... I am safe in CHRIST!
 A rapist can easily enter a bathroom marked women, so to suburban white moms complaining about trans safe bathrooms your argument is invalid
 @kunaalchaudhary they're smarter ;) LOL. But speaking of disasters, I do like Facebooks "Marked Safe" feature. It should actually (cont.)
 So a company that has no respect for the apocalypse monks will copy your teen is in this totally safe, ignore the buttons marked with runes.
 @One_marked @ReLiC71 chop them all off just to be safe
 Wow now I see people being marked safe in India from an earthquake.  I wish these disasters would take a break
 "People, from this region, who unnecessarily marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake, can now use this... http://fb.me/4fJAMzB5r 
 Green check: marked safe...Grey check in circle: yet to check in... 
 Quote "Ryan was marked safe during the Myanmar earth quake " @RyanSanimMUFC  @alexK_AFC
 It's been over 10 hours since the earthquake in Kolkata & the North-Eastern region. Why hasn't anyone marked himself/herself safe on Fb yet?
 Someone is marked safe during earthquake.Bc mar kyun nahi gaye
 Looks like at least some of my friends in India were marked safe. Keep checking in! I am praying for you!
 No I don't want to be "marked as safe" on Facebook.
 This 'Marked Safe' feature on Facebook is such a chutiyapa.
 @stumpynat Glad you made it safe. Driving in sand/dust storms is a whole different kind of awful. At least you were on paved, marked roads!
 3rd Umpire signals NOT OUT as Saurav is marked safe
 B3232 Belladown Bridge nr Tawstock has been inspected. Had been hit overnight so parapit has been marked but safe & ok for users
 Ain't like the banks keep the USD in a safe, with your name marked on it and can make it available when you need it.
 New Year's Eve marks busiest night for safe ride operation: The end of 2015 also marked the final and busiest ... http://bit.ly/1ReTbFy 
 Liat is marked safe during the givataim shnats
 Despite multiple brutal Palestinian terror attacks & today's mass shooting at a bar still no "marked safe" feature for Israelis on @facebook
 Wondering if Facebook is going to make a "marked safe" status for #TelAvivTerrorAttack.  #HappyNewYear, I suppose...
 this will be the year of the monkey, evidenced by the fact I have burned my thumb on a sparkler marked "safe for children".
 Just a reminder to be safe, stick to the marked roads and walk in group. Also please thank the volunteers along the way! #Urbana15
 539 souls marked safe from passing to other side, good work. Your men suffer on these days, I wish them good health. 
 Everyone has been safely evacuated, and have been marked safe! No injuries have been found. #TheAddress #BurjKhalifa #Fire
 Thousands of poor people die daily in Nigeria,Arab world,etc by Jihadists attacks but no one is "marked safe" like #parisattack #ajstream
 I think it's safe to say that 99% classes are deobfuscated, that 1% is derps someone made and marked obfuscated classes as deobfuscated.
 For Safe Drives & Miles of Smiles use only ISI marked tyres. #IndiaPortal #NationalPortal #ISI #JagoGrahakJago #BIS
 Where is the Vancouver version of the Nepal's Facebook "marked safe from earthquake" update #wewillrebuild
 Joey is marked safe in 2015 Earthquake.
 Amidst the crisis period in Chennai, Radiance homes were marked safe & sound! To know more, call 91710 11111. 
 Marked as to-read: The Safe Bet by Shealy James https://goodreads.com/review/show/1484535049 …
 Be careful with #holiday leftovers. If a piece of plastic dinnerware isn't marked "microwave-safe," don't nuke it: http://rmdy.hm/C6qBUdR 
 Children should not be left to wander away from the safe path marked out in God’s word, into ways leading to... http://fb.me/7DBP4JfF1 
 Tips for driving safe in the snow this season: Monday marked Central Wisconsin's first real winter storm this ... 
 2015 marked the 1st time I had to ask someone younger than me what a slang word means. It's safe to say you should get the f*ck off my lawn
 @b_juniper Really this one is CE Marked. My Dear dear friend Ed @whatsnewwhoelse has a friend who sells them. Totally safe! #BlueSpruce
 Danielle Tetelman marked herself "safe" during the "Course Copy" attack.
 Me and 12 others were marked safe during Facebook's #FreeBasics campaign outburst. Please tell me you all are safe too, fellow citizens.
 FB should activate 'marked safe' for Delhi  
 Exactly. ....its safe to say Chris has marked his spot in the industry 
 Marked as to-read: Safe in My Arms by Janice Sims https://goodreads.com/review/show/1481565860 …
 @LMcjury @TickleDarren Yeah.  It's no accident that areas marked for fracking are safe labour seats.
 @MarksGonePublic Do make sure to board in marked areas. Don't need to be calling @NSRescue; they are busy enough! Okay, keep safe there.
 "take the captain to a safe location" i just arrived at the place marked on the map. its a trash can
 be safe and secure guys few mints ago #earthquake passed bt anothr date marked 26Dec.
 MARKED SAFE.
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland..     https://twitter.com/Duckwells/status/680370212554825728 … Promo Code Here->[http://ift.tt/1Q9vcqS ]
 Get a new bike for Xmas if so keep it safe get it marked up free  @WhatsOnDarlo @darlingtonbc @DarlingtonBID
 Marked police presence on streets & malls. Keep safe ladies & gentlemen as you serve protect reassure. Want no more of your families crying
 'Dilwale Again On This Weekend' is trending. Wait, what?  Those who marked safe in Facebook are going again? Wow !! *Salutes*
 I would like to tell all my followers that my very close and personal friend @marerote should me marked as "safe" following the storms.
 Pitch is marked! Not long 2 go. Please drive safe. Let's make sure we're all home safely tonight for Santa! #WSWvNEW
 - 11:42am, Krystal Ortega Safe driving today people unmarked and marked cars doing laps on altone rd beechboro... http://fb.me/6PFW8QbXM 
 Looking at the number of wedding posts on FB, there should ideally be a Marked Safe button for Singles who made... http://fb.me/71Lhg5W66 
 it's kind of cute that they marked the box as fragile for my CDs but... they also have like 4 layers of bubble wrap so i think they're safe
 Marked as to-read: No Longer Safe by A.J. Waines https://goodreads.com/review/show/1476010210 …
 We marked it as read only to be used as an safe boor alternative, or for system realtime boot purposes. Remember turning it off after using.
 Easy: tell them you have provided a cuddly safe space where they cant damage their delicate sensibilities  
 Tennessee marked a big red map of gun owner's.Poor Liberal State ignorant of the fact Criminals go to FREE GUN ZONES.THANKS KEEPING US SAFE!
 Duran i Lleida was marked safe at sofà sota la manta menjant gelat mirant Friends envoltat de cleenex.
 I want to make it clear to all parents that pencils, crayons, and glue (marked non-toxic) is safe to consume. 
 Hearing rumors that there is a new "Marked Safe" option in Facebook for those who survived Dilwale!
 @Hankforrest you break one collarbone and you are marked for life. Aufort was on duty though so I felt safe
 I marked myself safe with "67" others after #Dilwale on #Facebook  #BoycottDilwale #DilwaleWorstFilmEver #SRK #AskSRK
 Marked Safe from #Bollywood.
 Survived #Dilwale....i just marked #safe in facebook  #disaster #horrible
 If a cop is pulling you over, but the cop car is not marked "police", drive to a gas station to pull over, or somewhere safe+
 Tip #3: Check electrical cords for signs of wear and make sure they are marked “UL,” meaning they have been tested and certified safe.
 I'm glad that my Chennai friends who didn't mark themselves safe during floods, have marked themselves safe after watching #Dilwale
 From "marked safe" to "Dilwale is premiering today" , FB is doing a great job handling disasters!! #DilwaleDay #Bollywood @imsrk_
 Quite clearly marked BUS TAXI CYCLE ONLY.Don't get caught out.Read the signs. Keep the children safe .987 
 @everjanet unluckily for me, I was marked as a "no gifter" for 2 years in a row because of logistic/postage fail this year I was safe!
 Hey @facebook we need that marked as safe thing-y for Northern Samar.
 "SAFE Supports Multi-Layer Regulations for TNCs: Fingerprint background checks & clearly marked vehicles" http://www.safeaustin.org/safetncs 
 I should have marked those photos NSFCL -- not safe for cholesterol levels  
 My review of THE FORCE AWAKENS. Top few paragraphs are spoiler-safe and marked as such. http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/star-wars-episode-vii---the-force-awakens-2015 …
 Checked my ILP, the mock I did yesterday's been marked. Safe to say it's a HUGE improvement compared to when I first started this year. B :D
 Territorians. Yesterday marked the last day before the atmosphere is not safe for them.
 A ver a que hora facebook pone el "marked safe"
 MEMBER NOTICE  To keep up to date with our events, newsletters etc - make sure you have marked our emails as "safe". 
 Available to post straight away,  Huggie Mermaid, CE marked so safe and suitable from birth, Can be personalised... http://fb.me/3x8RgvBgK 
 Four bikes already marked at the @TheChaseMalvern  this morning. #Safe, #Secure, @SmartWaterNews, @ImmobiliseCrime
 HEAVY FOG this morning. Vehicle lighting systems on & drive with caution. Pedestrians, pls use marked xings. Everyone stay alert & stay safe
 Just because a drug is marked as 'legal', it doesn't mean its safe. It's not worth the risk. Make the #rightchoice. http://ow.ly/VLbyB 
 #TCSITWiz - question on France attacks ... Marked safe on fb !
 Radiance Realty is #MarkedSafe! Amidst the #ChennaiFloods our homes stood safe to stay. To donate, call 91710 11111 
 Has Imran Khan marked himself safe on facebook? #JustAsking
 #NewsIwouldlovetohear these are no longer endangered species, but marked safe.  
 This proves #thewalkingdead is real!   #twd #zombies #markedsafe #ants #eek #iphoneography… https://www.instagram.com/p/_IEUnBuMbv/ 
 Identity Safe Wristtlet Wallet Clutch marked down to $13.99 shipped with Prime (normally $22.99!) http://amzn.to/1M3llg9 
 Those who have not marked themselve safe on facebook, are really in trouble?  I don't understand FB's logic. #ChennaiFloods
 Hahahaha some north media came to chennai and marked themselves safe @hankypanty
 A friend of mine who lives in New York was 'marked safe' during the Chennai floods. Not sure if he's an insensitive dumbass or a Teleporter.
 Sandra Nicole Wilson was marked "safe" from the fire in the Galleria area.... 
 Ickle snowmen looking for homes! £10 each plus p&p. CE marked, safe from birth   #QueenOf
 This can be marked "Safe for India". 
 Marked as to-read: Safe With Him - A Monster Novel #3 by Michelle Horst https://goodreads.com/review/show/1463058312 …
 If you're not in Chennai where the floods are taking place don't use the "marked safe" feature for a cheap joke, distasteful arseholes
 Yh lets misuse the Facebook 'marked safe' feature gd bant!!!!!!
 The college of Wooster has been marked as safe #proudscot
 "______ marked safe in Chennai flooding." Bitch of course you safe, you in SG dumbass
 Safe way made of life jackets marked by volunteers for #refugees arriving to northern #Lesvos.
 Abhishek Madan was marked safe during Telling Wife He Has Bought More Shoes.
 I sat down to take my first final and the first 4 answers I marked down were: 1. D 2. E  3. A 4. D  Safe to say I'm fucked.
 There are TV reporters from Delhi who've travelled to Chennai, location 'checked in' on Facebook & then marked themselves safe. Amazing.
 This is how chennaites  " Marked as safe " in FB 
 @chunksolbrother @peterboroughtel well marked safe routes and a well labeled safe way through the city centre
 Dark Ones everywhere damn. Nobody is safe. All marked. Ahhhh no, they goin' to hell. #OnceUponATime #OnceUponAWeGoinToHell 
 Facebook should make a 'Marked safe during Desmond' feature
 Marked as to-read: A Safe Girl To Love by Casey Plett https://goodreads.com/review/show/1461920769 …
 I wasn't aware of Facebook's safety check feature until my aunt marked herself safe in the Chennai flooding. Very cool.
 @sreejitd @kiara_rao Yeah I hope for the same. And I did see her status on fb she was marked safe.
 in facebook some ppl in US and living in places other than chennai have marked safe in chennai floods.. enna comedy idhu..
 I'm just glad that some of my friends in New Delhi, Pune and Kolkata are marked safe in Chennai floods. Stay safe... http://fb.me/4ugWC2ogq 
 @satheeshb4u @Chinmayi @Actor_Siddharth  my friends have marked safe in fb . Also no water logging reported in those areas
 #ChennaiRains: Places Marked Safe in Flood-Hit Chennai Follow more updates here: http://bit.ly/21GighF 
 Most Singaporeans in flood-ravaged Chennai marked safe – Oneindia http://sh.st/ndoSU  | WNN7.in #WNN7
 ചെന്നൈ കണ്ടിട്ടില്ലാത്തവർ വരെ Marked Safe.
 And finally after three days, all #KKNagar entries have been marked safe! 
 Latest : Most Singaporeans in flood-ravaged Chennai marked safe - Business Standard: IBNLiveMost S... http://tinyurl.com/pemwwjl  #IndianNews
 Facebook 'notifies' me that a friend of mine, who died couple of years ago, has been marked "safe" on FB during the Chennai floods! #shock
 "_____ was marked safe during Chennai Flooding" is my favourite Facebook notification to get atm
  marked safe from Lancaster floods.
 Fire exits and #escape #routes should be clearly marked with arrows pointing towards a safe place http://ow.ly/VqPuH 
 Just saw the pictures of #ChennaiFloods Unbelievable. I have a friend out there, thankfully used the excellent #markedsafe tag on Facebook.
 @sunitaiyer @v_swetha He has been marked safe. Thanks :)
 @SandyBones He is marked safe, thanks :)
 @FuriousRoger @rmshnt27 @srinivas2088 kabala marked safe on fb, no contact but, mario safe.
 You're in Kolkata, and you marked yourself safe during Chennai Rains. What is this man?! You should've been to Chennai and help instead.
 On FB, Friends those who from Palakkad also marked safe during Chennai Flooding.
 A guy from Delhi just marked himself safe in Chennai floods on Facebook.
 Adei apparacentugala, that marked for safe is for ppl in Chennai ra... Not for you Australia folks *headdesk*
 @DucainHIH @ChrisAgar90 because some people are interested. Its marked so people who want to know can click and if not they're safe
 Backed up my system.  Marked myself safe on facebook.  #ITGuy
 So my friend in Canada took marking on FB seriously, he's continents away and marked himself safe from Chennai rains.
 twitter has marked this photo as sensitive because it is TOO CUTE FOR SAFE CONSUMPTION
 one guy marked himself safe in winscosin. going to get chennai flood water couriered to yoosa and go throw at him.
 I'd forgotten how many people I do know from Chennai, until I saw them getting 'marked safe' on Facebook :\
 En frndlist la near400 marked safe nu kamikuthu   Elame nisama chennai ah ila, viladrangala.. 󾌦 I hope everyone is safe.. 󾌵󾍛
 Krishna Sivaraman, Parasu Ram and 3 others were marked safe during Chennai Flooding. Source: Facebook 
 Our EPIRB marked up with our vessel name #ecodan our expedition sponsors @meuk_les keeping us safe! #twac2015
 Thank god I already have two cars, one odd and another even. Marked safe. Everything burns. #OddEvenFormula #DelhiChokes
 Relieved to hear that #ChennaiFloods have eased to the extent that #KKNagar is now marked safe & power is back on. Thanks all for updates:-)
 @techrsr @sudhamshu has marked himself safe on FB. He's ok, offline though
 the desire to be visited upon by disaster only to be marked safe.
 I think Niall's was marked safe, and then the other 4 were actually unknown
 Just got “marked safe” notifications from FB for friends in Chennai. What a great feature.
 I have no clue if @itsFreelancer is safe. No communication. Not marked himself safe on FB either. I am just praying hard you are okay Mridi.
 @ExKeys @NameFieldmt  @lovedentity says she is marked safe on Facebook
 @harikriss someone marked him safe on FB
 Still a lot of my friends haven't marked themselves safe in chennai!  I pray you'll are ok.
 28 of my friends are marked safe so far. My prayers are with Chennai. Hope all my friends are safe and sound.
 Mark was marked safe during the floods...........yeah I have cancer and dying cause a car ran over my... http://fb.me/D5rKg0EA 
 .@Facebook 's "friends marked safe" is the best #socialmedia update of 2015 tbh #ChennaiFloods #SanBernardino
 Neha on Facebook marked herself safe for Chennai floods.  BTW, Neha lives at Dombivali :P
 Yeldo paul and ajesh Av were marked safe during chennai flooding! :) — feeling safe in Kochi http://fb.me/6RsEgKRf0 
 A friend who has never visited Chennai and thinks whole South India is Madras, has been marked safe on Facebook during #ChennaiFloods 󾌳
 Lovely to see the new chennai floods "Safety check" feature in FB to mark people safe and to check who's marked... http://fb.me/4fi1SY0nA 
 Share this with your friends in Chennai who are still not marked safe (Use the following Link)... http://fb.me/47J40th2l 
 Never thought I'd need to be marked 'safe' on Facebook :/
 Amma bhagwan couple who loot in thousands for darshan n pujas has marked safe in #ChennaiFloods
 Facebook's safety check feature is really nice.. 36 of my chennai friends marked safe.. prayers to all other who... http://fb.me/6VY1ql78I 
 Google maps has flooded areas marked. Stay safe! #ChennaiRainsHelp #ChennaiRains
 Abt 500Frds In My Frds list Marked Safe... :-)
 marked safe  https://www.instagram.com/p/-0-v65l0xYZYcGA6WLhkZ8jAFtBzyadiFepIM0/ …
 Feeling disgusted on seeing people outside Chennai, who never ever subjected to any deluge, getting `marked safe' in Facebook.
 Jayalalitha marked safe.
 A friend who has never visited Chennai and thinks whole South India is Madras, has been marked safe on FB during Chennai Floods
 @Parvezashmi @Chinmayi my sis n madipakka marked safe n facebook...
 Oh...I see you've marked yourself safe in Chennai. I had no idea you were in Chennai. Probably because I saw you in Mumbai half an hour ago.
 Marked safe is such a temporary illusion… #JustSaying
 my facebook friend who stays in Delhi just marked himself safe for floods in Chennai I feel so relieved for him thank god he is ok
 So a Tamilian friend of mine marked herself safe from Chennai Floods like everyone else is. The only difference is she is in UK right now.
 good to know @niftywizard Jay Chandran was marked safe during Chennai Flooding by Gomzi Krish on facebook
 found out that 3 of my friends are marked safe in #ChennaiFloods #ChennaiRainsHelp
 Just got a #Facebook notification a friend was marked "safe" in the #ChennaiFloods. I know this feature isn't perfect, but I like it.
 That awkward moment when you find people who aren't in Chennai being marked safe -_-
 Good to see all friends from Chennai are marked safe. Thanks to FB
 @boogerworm in my list...there are many who have been marked safe by others...many who are safe don't have net access
 Alexx Stuart was marked safe during Chennai Flooding. - Alexx Stuart was marked safe during Chennai Flooding.... http://fb.me/540rZpMMQ 
 Athai has marked herself safe on FB. The joys of technology!
 Facebook has to do something about this "Marked safe" stupidity. After the Nepal earthquake it's right back... http://fb.me/23cDDORFJ 
 My friend who have never been to Tamil Nadu or Chennai, marked himself safe in Chennai Rains on facebook. :/ #ChennaiFloods
 Face book Safety Check for Chennai Flooding. Search for unreachable people here, they might be marked safe.  https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/chennaiflooding-dec2015 …
 Despite compound wall washout and overflow of nearby lakes, Vandaloor zoo  marked safe till yesterday.... http://fb.me/4tOuGdJUc 
 Stay safe! Google map has flooded areas marked. http://m.hindustantimes.com/tech/living-in-chennai-use-this-map-to-avoid-water-logged-areas/story-daqS9kH39Q4Low36rTuLwN.html … #ChennaiRains #ChennaiRainsHelp
 Facebook says I have 12 friends in Chennai flood affected areas. 6 of them are marked safe. Hope the other 6 are... http://fb.me/7J2GLoTuE 
 A friend who stays is Delhi has marked himself as safe in the #ChennaiFloods on Facebook #OK
 Profoundly grateful that FB has the 'marked safe' function. 3 of my 'kids' have checked in during the flooding in Chennai, India. <3
 You don't realize the value of the Facebook 'marked safe' feature until your family is directly hit by a disaster. #ChennaiFloods
 Plz use the green road for traveling south, this is marked safe with minimal water logging @dinakaran_web
 And all #Chennai folks, while it is still late, please use the #Facebook-marked safe option. #chennairains #ChennaiRainsHelp
 Saw my cousin marked himself as "safe" on FB amidst Chennai floods. Thinking of my family, the dead, & the displaced. #ChennaiFloods
 I just got facebook pop up about my friend who is marked as safe. Thanks #facebook! #ChennaiFloods
 Thanks to @Facebook opening the #MarkedSafe feature now, more friends and relatives are able to mark as safe from Madras(MAA)/Chennai. #hope
 Thanks to @Facebook opening the #MarkedSafe feature now, more friends and relatives are able to mark as safe from Madras(MAA)/Chennai. #hope
 "Marked Safe" notifications ON FB from extended family & so thankful for that warm feeling! As power comes back I hope to get more info! 
 "Lauda-Lasoon (living in Texas) was marked safe during Chennai Flooding" !!!  Y U DO DIS FACEBOOK ??
 Sivasubramaniam Viswanathan and Vaidhee Balasubramanian were marked safe during Chennai Flooding. Source: Facebook 
 Facebook has started "marked safe" for #Chennairains - better late than never i suppose.
 Facebook has activated safety check feature. Excellent feature. I just marked myself safe. #chennairains
 facebook has caught up with the marked-safe feature. lots of tags. if you can mark ppl safe,  do.
 Oh snap FB has the marked safe option for the Chennai floods too
 Safe spaces, microaggression and Donald Trump - 2015 will be the year that marked the rise of liberal intolerance: http://on.ft.com/1l33QaN 
 Yo @facebook Where is your marked safe thing for chennai? There's more users in this one city than most countries. #chennairains
 Priscilla and our daughter Max marked "I am safe" on Facebook soon after the operation.  - Mark Zuckerberg.
 would make sense if @facebook initiated the 'marked safe' feature to those braving the #ChennaiFloods
 @segalink looooooooooool! His name is not screw face in marked for death nau..Safe trip my brother
 Rains are about to start again, ALL OVER. #TNflood #ChennaiRains  AMBATTUR IS MARKED SAFE.
 Kim So Eun arrived at HongKong safe.. #김소은 Cr:as marked 
 ANY BITCH WITH A SAFE WORD IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED AND SHOULD FOREVER BE MARKED AS CRAZY AF #LHHH #LoveAndHipHopHollywood #LHHHReunion #BINO
 I should be marked as nsfw I'm totally not safe for work I'm a fuking safety hazard
 Antonio Baños was marked safe during la tertúlia de Rac1.
 Changing the Internet Explorer's setting Initialize and script ActiveX controls not marked as safe for scripting http://serversquestions.com/sq/questions/view/97133 …
 Missing vulnerable woman found safe & well.  It also marked the first operational deploym.. http://fb.me/7wpK97Vk8 
 Oh yeah, the place all marked with arrows it totally safe. I learned the complete opposite from Crash Bandicoot. #DoctorWho
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland France, French Porcelain.. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234108495/antique-limoges-match-striker-match-safe … #sewing #gifts
 For all those who said they haven't seen ticket controllers in Tallinn in 10 years. #markedsafe 
 @NFGmart but marked both as delivered. I use safe place delivery so he tried to get away with it. Luckily I saw and was able to chase him!
 Marked safe at #Sapphire
 @EvansTheCrime - was it kept in a safe marked "life-savings"?
 CSP is literally looking to issue thousands of sitations between today and Sat. Marked cruisers and unmarked cruisers. Everyone drive safe!
 Today: 28 Children Killed in French Airstrike on a primary school in Mosul. IRAQI CHILDREN ARE NOT MARKED SAFE.... http://fb.me/4tU8TZtpu 
 US State Department map shows US only safe place to travel: Accordingly, the only territory marked on the map as "safe" to travel is ...
 In the last 24 hours, 4.1 million people marked themselves safe using Facebook's Safety Check, after the social media platform activated
 You are in Uganda prally somewhere in Nakawa and you posting on facebook " Marked safe from Paris Attacks. " lets instead #prayforyou
 Did you know that products marked as "gluten free" actually contain small amounts of gluten, considered safe for coeliacs? #guruwisdom
 Marked as to-read: Safe With Him - A Monster Novel #3 by Michelle Horst https://goodreads.com/review/show/1449774574 …
 @AcoBubanja1 #AlekBarovic was marked safe in Paris terrorist attack. Svima je laknulo
 Oh dear. Jamelia was SO much better than Peter. Watch him be over marked next week in a vain attempt to keep him safe. Shame. #Strictly
 Don't be surprised next wk to see PA either given crowd pleasing dance with good music or over marked to keep him safe. Or both. #Strictly
 Will @facebook activate *Marked Safe* feature for Afghanistan/Pakistan #earthquake?
 falana falana and 1470974 others were marked safe
 Please don't activate the "marked safe"  feature again... There's no point in doing that #earthquakeinpakistan #annoyingFB
 Yeah Facebook really needs to get rid of that marked safe thing and keep it isolated to an affected region only in times to an incident
 Sundus marked herself safe from Essa's unfollow spree 
 Hussain F. Khan marked himself safe during Bluewater bomb scare. http://dailym.ai/1T6NZDa  via @MailOnline
 I was marked safe during el classico in Madrid
 .@Youmeluciae make beautiful soft toys CE marked&safe from birth. Visit http://www.fyikids.co.uk/activity/1278  for further details!
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley https://goodreads.com/review/show/1448326540 …
 #porteouverte, 'marked as safe... Social media and it's role the aftermath of the terror attacks http://www.hercampus.com/school/bristol/editors-letter-social-medias-helping-hand …
 AquaBounty's GM salmon becomes the first genetically altered animal to be marked safe for dinner: The US FDA a... http://bit.ly/1SPcZxY 
 The hotel was supposedly marked a UN safe space zone.
 Workman steals thousands after finding key marked safe in bathroom. Who's dumber, the homeowner or the thief?
 They crossed the river that marked the bounds of Crom Duv's domain and they were safe.
 http://ift.tt/1PELmd6  VentureBeat – Facebook: 4.1M people marked themselves safe in the 24 hours after the Paris attack
 Anyone seen a @facebook "your friends are marked safe" for Mali? Cuz this hardly seems fair. 
 Only one Democrat running for re-election in a district not marked "safe D" voted against the craven refugee bill: @RepEsty. Kudos to her.
 /me marked himself safe. 
 @iamirahtuazon Kaya pala nag notif sa fb ko yung "Irah Tuazon is marked safe on terrorist attack at Paris" hahahahahaha
 Jonathan Pollard marked safe at NY
 So, apparently Payday 2 is dead, the Black Market Update really marked its death. I only hope that waiting for the Safe House is worth it.
 Just seen Facebook marked friend as safe during Yola bombing (Nov 17). Interesting. Addition of date sadly shows how common in Yola.
 Sound advice from UK Gov to 'run to a safe place' in the event of a terrorist attack. I assume safe places will be clearly marked.
 @JonDonahue Just when you thought it was safe to roll (but not on Shabbas.) She was the first... marked zero.
 I hope the GMO fish will be clearly marked as I won't be buying! This doesn't seem safe/healthy. What do you think? 
 Sasa, Facebook itatengenezea wasee wa Jkuat so and ngania has been marked safe?
 I have bunch of buddies throughout #Nigeria like i discovered I did in Paris. Be nice to see people in/around #Yola marked as #Safe.
 Once a group or person is marked as "safe to victimize" it seems lots of fine ppl want to get at least a few punches in #SyrianRefugees
 Beigale marked himself safe in Hertzelyia Pituach.
 Jordan is safe tours? International tourism to Jordan has seen a marked and steady increase over the past few... http://fb.me/4VM96BEEC 
 Yesterday morning, facebook marked my friend Adnan safe after the Yola blast..   That's a good innovation
 Facebook reacted quickly to the Paris attack this past Friday allowing a "marked safe" function for our Facebook friends in France #EDPT200
 #IStillFacebookBecause to check which of my friends weren't marked safe during a disaster so I can write RIP on their wall.  RIP, Jack! :(
 Sundus marked herself safe in Moaz's sansani khaiz unfollow spree 
 BLUE WHITE RED  MAKUNTINTO SA #PrayForParis plsss! at Marked safe sa FACEBOOK  YUNG TOTOO SUPPER AFFECTED ??? 
 In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as "Safe" 24 hours after Facebook activated its
 I hope we all checked on Facebook to see that our friends in Yola were marked as safe.
 Miroslav was marked safe during Nigeria Terror Attack
 Has anybody been marked safe in #Yola? Or the people in Yola aren't on Facebook ??? #YolaCitizenryAreImportantToo
 Nice to see 4 of my Facebook friends marked safe in Yola.
 Over 4 million people in Paris marked themselves as safe following Friday’s deadly terror attac.. http://goo.gl/V3D4bm  #socialmedia
 Facebook has a new feature for you to mark or be marked safe after disasters in your area, such as the Yola bombings last night.
 A #bombing happened today in #Nigeria. Where is the #Facebook "marked safe" feature for that? #PrayForTheWorld @facebook #SafetyCheck
 Every step is marked out by my Father God, there is no need to worry about the in between. I am safe. I am protected.
 Angelica Garcera was marked safe during RaStro kiss. #TRMDLoveWon
 #eHealthSolutions Facebook safety check-in: 4.1mi people @ Paris marked safe w/in 24hrs. 360 million then notified! https://lnkd.in/byHwtr8 
 @TTGLOBE4L @writingtravels I didn't realise Facebook actually has a 'tell people I'm safe' facility until my friend marked himself as safe.
 First 24 hours of activation, 4.1 million Facebook users marked themselves safe, reaching 360+ million people.
 .@Youmeluciae make beautiful soft toys CE marked&safe from birth. Visit http://www.fyikids.co.uk/activity/1278  for further details!
 Facebook impressively notified me all weekend when each of my friends in Paris were marked safe (cc @audreycerdan)
 @IsmeeErin we call it a safe zone and at my uni safe zones where ppl have had training are marked so that we can help ppl
 @IsmeeErin but safe spaces are also very much about helping ppl w/ mental illness, they can come into any marked safe space and get help
 Did you also notice friends in Paris being "marked safe"?  Over 4 million people in Paris marked themselves as... http://fb.me/KcqJyTty 
 @kaztachimas marked safe during Tweet attacks...
 Ung mga ng 'marked safe' sa FB kala m tga ParisJn lng pla sa kbilng Brgy Naku anung klokohan yn?!Paki xplain  SoPher ForShowtimeOnline
 Paulina was marked safe during the Guayaquil shake
 22. SO NOW IT LOOKED AS IF I WAS USING THE BATHROOM. THEY MARKED MY NAME ON THE ATTENDANCE AND I WAS SAFE. BUT THE OTHER NOT SO MUCH
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland.. https://www.etsy.com/listing/234108495/antique-limoges-match-striker-match-safe … #gotvintage
 Just put police tape in front of the podium marked "Safe Space" 
 Sending my love to our Muslim brothers and sisters. There is no Facebook flag filter or marked safe option for Beirut + ISIS affected areas.
 Who gets to be marked “safe” on Facebook’s Safety Check feature when tragedies occur? http://www.thenation.com/article/is-it-wrong-to-mourn-paris-more-deeply-than-beirut/ … #Beirut #Paris
 "Facebook didn’t bother with making sure my people were marked safe." http://tinyurl.com/q8ynnog  #representation #frombeiruttoparis
 @mikeyface It's red! You've been marked for death! Stay safe, and don't hang around other red aprons
 The 'marked safe' function is being reviewed & changed. Quite right too. #Beirut #Kenya #Baghdad #Syria #Paris 
 200,000 people died on Syria. 27% children. Where are your profile flags? where is the "marked safe" on facebook? #truth #reality #Twitter
 @TheEconomist this tool is only as useful as the number of active Facebook users. seeing someone Isn't marked as safe is more worrying 1/2
 My crush was the first person I saw at school today she was already marked safe on fb but I was still so relieved to see she was well ilhsm
 ZIBIN WAS MARKED SAFE AT KOKOREÇÇİ DURING EARTHQUAKE
 Oleg is marked as safe
 In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as "Safe" 24 hours after... http://ow.ly/UHbiQ 
 RT @SAI: 4.1 mm people marked themselves safe through FB’s ‘Safety Check’ tool for the Paris attacks http://ow.ly/2bwidb  #Facebook
 In case you were curious how Facebook marked all those Parisians "safe" http://www.wsj.com/articles/paris-attacks-push-facebook-twitter-users-to-new-tools-1447474350?mod=trending_now_1 …
 Bwesit ni bala ang mga ga "marked as safe" sa facebook hu. Look outside your window its iloilo city btch! Hahah
 yung mga fb friends kong kong marked safe during paris terrorist attack? sabagay safe nga, ang layo ng pinas sa france e.
 "marked safe from Paris terror attack." TAGA PARIS PO KAYO?
 4.1 million people in and around Paris marked themselves as “safe” within 24 hours on Facebook. (via @Recode)  $FB
 When in Romania I meet the most beautiful girl in my life,and she moved to Paris, I just saw she marked herself safe on FB
 Just marked myself safe from #Chennairains in Facebook by moving to 900m above sea level to Bangalore  #மழையும்_நானும்
 Why does fb launched the "marked safe" during ISIS' attack on Paris and not when ISIS almost destroyed Syria earlier this year? Hmm 
 Paris attacks:4 million+ people marked themselves as Safe 24hrs after @Facebook activated its Safety Check tool http://ow.ly/UGoXX  #em
 Yo hanford, keep your guards up! They got you marked. Stay safe http://fb.me/4br7mxE8s 
 In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as "Safe" 24 hours after... http://fb.me/P9wAtM54 
 @xXx_ARIS_xXx was marked :SAFE: at Taco Bell.
 "Friends marked safe" is probably Facebook's smartest contribution.
 4.1 million people marked themselves safe using Facebook's Safety Check, after the social media platform... 
 Smart move: 4.1m marked "safe" - Facebook activates its ‘Safety Check’  for Parisians http://venturebeat.com/2015/11/13/facebook-activates-its-safety-alert-feature-for-parisians/ … via @VentureBeat #ParisAttack
 In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, more than 4 million people marked themselves as “Safe” 24 hours after... http://fb.me/23ftNySij 
 I was grateful to receive fb notifs when my fam in Paris was marked safe. I am saddened for those in Beirut that didn't get such a luxury.
 4.1 mm people marked themselves safe through FB's 'Safety Check' tool for the Paris attacks http://read.bi/1Qn2FPU  via @sai
 Never seen the "marked safe" feature on Facebook until the west is attacked, surely this breaches discrimination legislation?
 I find it insulting and insensitive when people marked on Facebook that they were safe from the Paris attack when... http://fb.me/ycUCWuqQ 
 California was marked by Isis to be attacked, Carlsbad was one of the cities mentioned, be safe out there cbad
 Abed Alassaad marked himself safe during  Seven-Day War 1993 ,  April War 1996 and July war 2006 .
 @MommyUnit did you get the "marked safe" feature from Facebook for them? I received that from my friend in Paris. Such a great feature.
 @betcooo @_jllnmm @elayale @_thembp "Vic was marked safe."
 @carladeniseee ok stay safe .. i marked you safe on paris 
 Davi Depiandri Rotama was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.: Davi Depiandri Rotama was marked safe duri... http://on.fb.me/1HRByVc 
 .@facebook's "Friends Marked Safe" in #Paris feature is great. #ParisAttacks.
 An unintended symbolism: Facebook did not introduce the "marked safe" option after the terrorist attacks in the... http://fb.me/3fjZ7LAqz 
 In the first 24 hrs after the attacks 4.1 million people marked themselves safe using Facebook Safety Check, FB says 
 My friends are marked as safe in Paris and I appreciate that Facebook allowed them to share that status
 "Marked as safe" wew taga kanto ka lang namen eh  #ParisPaMore
 Facebook: More than 4.1 million people marked themselves safe with Safety Check after #ParisAttacks
 'Yung "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" na alam mong hindi naman nakatira sa France  HAHAHAHA. enebe
 4.1 mm people marked themselves safe through FB's 'Safety Check' tool for the Paris attacks http://read.bi/1Qn2FPU 
 It's really annoying everytime you get notifications from your facebook friends that was marked safe during Paris... http://fb.me/4K7OMxIrC 
 Over 4m people marked themselves as 'safe' on Facebook during #ParisAttacks http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11996678/Paris-terror-attacks-victims-isil-suspects-Syria-arrests-live.html …
 Twitter should follow "marked safe" option of Facebook with a "marked mine" option for crushes
 *****marked safe in Paris terror attack*****  Bakit???? Nasa Paris kaba? Oh come on...  Please pray for the... http://fb.me/7Fo8D2cBc 
 some people just do tweet about it and do these "marked safe" things on fb bc its 'trending'. i just dont see the poing of doing all+
 Handang handa ang Pinas sa Isis during APEC Summit. Meron tayong pellet gun, tirador at sumpak. #MarkedSafe #NationalSecurity
 23 of 26 of this my Facebook Friends in Paris are marked Safe  (All 3 of 3 on my private Profile are marked Safe) http://fb.me/4rstwa4JQ 
 infairness naman sa friends ko na taga antipolo lang na halos hindi lumalabas ng bahay nag "marked safe in paris" cheret niyo po
 @nicoledimacali iba pa din yung "marked herself safe" 
 Another friend marked "safe" on the Paris Facebook map.
 @PatMcNicholas @rachel_sg I marked myself safe on Facebook X
 @DaVinceeeC Marked safe
 Marked safe from Paris Terror Attacks. // this notif. Eff. Nasa Pilipinas ka 'wag feeling! -_____-
 ".... were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" really Facebook?
 @ainadiaz_ hoy okay ka lang ba jan sa paris? Di ka kasi naka marked safe HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA 
 Props to Fb for the new "friends marked safe" feature, well played.
 Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks... Jusko! Nasa PILIPINAS ka lang oy!
 I was marked safe during paris attacks
 Pray for the World because is like an apple rotten from inside Out!!!  I was marked safe of Hipocrisy from... http://fb.me/4rpB0GQyD 
 Marked safe during the Paris attack daw eh nasa Pilipinas naman mga ulol
 pero di ko pa din get kung bakit mo ginagawang "marked safe" yung friends mo na di naman sa paris nakatira
 Wow may mga "marked safe". Wow
 @MrElani கோவில்பட்டி கோதண்டராமன் marked safe from Paris Attackன்னு வருது..நம்மாளுங்க பேஸ்புக்ல என்ன பண்ணுறோமுன்னு தெரியாமையே சுத்துதுங்க
 Marc Christian was marked safe during the follow request of sir guidance 
 Aside from the constant notifs from friends in the PH being marked safe, there's the wave of red, white, and blue "temporary" photos--
 DUH OBVIOUSLY you're marked safe from Paris terror attacks because you're not in Paris 
 pa marked safe during paris terror attack. ikaw attackon? ka terror ra nimog dagway.
 yung mga nag fefeeling taga paris jan na nag nonotif ng were marked safe during paris terror attacks
 Marked as safe pero taga-Cebu. Push nyo yan.
 "Marked as safe"   Um excuse me, do you have any idea what you are posting about
 Is #thankful mates in #Paris have marked themselves safe (on #Facebook) after the #ParisAttacks #PrayforParis #JeSuisParis
 "marked safe from paris terror attack" nakatira ka ba sa paris?
 @JokimDawar was marked safe in the red panda outbreak
 @sthykills_ *marked safe* HAHAHA
 All of a sudden there's an option of being "marked safe" on Facebook.... Lol! Sierra Leone didn't have that during the Ebola crisis tho.
 Dapat kondenahin din ng presidente ng France 'yung mga #SocialClimbers na nagma-Marked as Safe daw sa Paris... http://fb.me/M43a7V1l 
 isa pang kita ko ng "marked as safe in paris" kahit taga ph ka, magbblock spree ako wala akong pake kahit 10 nalang matira sa friends ko
 Facebook sending me updates of my family members status as "being marked safe" makes my heart drop every time #parisjetaime #Famillejetaime
 marked safe during the Paris attacked, malamang nasa pilipinas ka eh 
 @LamaBeirut @Melissayoub *of him being marked safe after running into him 
 yung mga nagma-marked safe sa paris terror attack sa fb pero kapit-bahay ko lang naman
 Marked safe??? Tagakabilang kanto ka lang ah.
 Would be cool if Facebook had the option of me being "marked safe" after running into my ex.
 You're ranting about how people change their profile pic with a France  Flag yet you marked yourself as safe on the Paris terror attack 
 Even Facebook didn’t bother with making sure my people [in Beirut] were marked safe. http://wp.me/p1jt7T-3g6  via @eliefares
 Marked safe in Paris bagang. Taga-Paris ka ba?!
 None of my FB friends marked safe in Paris. I guess I did a good job sorting people on my feed.
 Dami ko ng friends sa fb na nasa Paris. Marked safe sila. Buti naman Hahaha
 What does it mean when friends are “marked safe” on Facebook?: If you've been browsing Facebook since Friday's... http://bit.ly/1StmmDw 
 Glad to see my old French pen pal marked herself as safe on Facebook.
 i dont care about the hashtag pray for paris or posting a picure of paris. But marked yourself that you safe from the attack IS really funny
 No one understands how nerve recking it is to wait around for each & every one of your family members to be marked safe after the attacks.
 fact FB. Bila kejadian truk berlaku kt negare mat saleh rama duk sibuk gata nk fake "marked safe".xp bila berlaku kt negare islam senyap je?
 Dear @finkd French lives aren't more precious than those of Lebanese 2 b marked safe through a terror attack #ParisAttacks #LebanonAttacks
 Yung mga nasa Pinas lang naman tapos kung maka-MARKED SAFE eh akala mo kasali sa nangyayari sa Paris. Ulol. Pakyu po. 
 "Pinoy friend 1, Pinoy friend 2 and 20+ other Pinoy friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."... http://fb.me/3puI18Fth 
 this girl who lives in MEXICO marked herself safe from the attack in PARIS on facebook.. where's your respect??
 Glad my friends were marked as safe except 3, hope they are okay 
 “This person, that person and 9 others were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks”  Well duh, you guys are in the Philippines
 Facebook tell me that 4.1m users marked themselves as "safe" in Paris
 Your Friend Suhel Hasan [সুহেল হাসান] Has Marked Safe From কম্বলের তলা...
 Sasapukin ko na talaga mga friends ko sa facebook na nagma'marked safe in paris terror attacks. Punyeta ano po
 Facebook: 4.1M people marked themselves safe in the 24 hours after the Paris attack https:/... http://bit.ly/20Ubdl9  via Headlne
 "Chu chu and 38 others were marked safe during Paris terror attacks.." LOL AT YOU GUYS. 
 @DeathIn140 @D140BeatrizC Also interesting to note the "marked safe" function on Facebook, which they employ during precieved crises to...
 marked as safe nya naa radiay sa cdo. laina
 "Blablabla and blablabla are marked safe from Paris Terror Attacks"  WTF NAA RAMOG BAROY PAGPUYO MO BI
 Wakes up to a newsfeed of 'marked safe in Paris' posts...geez, for real, people? If you really are in Paris,... http://fb.me/7AjJ9SknN 
 Icheck nyo anay ang marked safe thing before you judge kay ang iban indi man sila nagmark sang selves nila
 "marked safe" people, the last time i checked these people were in the philippines. wtaf
 "were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks". Wtf, nasa Paris ka ba??? 
 "we're marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attack" seriously friend? are you from Paris? hahaha KYS!!
 "* and 10 others were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks."  You changed your location para in sa trend? SHAME ON YOU
 Those people in the Philippines who marked that they were safe during the Paris Terrorist attack. Seriously????????
 If I unfriended you on facebook it means you marked yourself safe from the #ParisAttacks you insensitive and shallow piece of shit.
 "Marked safe from terror attack" asa Paris ka pala? Pasalubong ko ah? 
 Facebook gave Mic a breakdown of Stats for how many people marked themselves safe in Paris http://m.mic.com/articles/128574/4-million-people-used-facebook-safety-check-to-notify-friends-during-paris-attack#.uuMrbEuiR …
 4.1 million people have marked themselves safe in the Paris attacks, says Facebook  http://mic.com/articles/128574/4-million-people-used-facebook-safety-check-to-notify-friends-during-paris-attack#.hB0ZPlHnF …
 Were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks 
 @crstnalbomgl ikr! Like wtf! Tsaka ung marked safe during the paris terror attacks sa notif. Hella annoying!
 Facebook's safety check is really helpful. If only everyone could be marked "safe".  #PrayForParis
 @Lewanyaz123 Absolutely. Where was the "marked safe" Facebook feature after Beirut? Why no option to overlay the Russian flag on my pp?!
 Handy the Facebook find friends in affected area & see they marked themself SAFE. #Paris
 The only person who has marked themselves safe is a girl who was an exchange student who has gone back to France
 After the Nepal earthquake so many people marked themselves safe which was just so useless and annoying
 Yung friend mong "were marked safe during paris terror attacks" malamang safe ka talaga layo layo mo sa paris e 
 di ko gets yung marked as safe from paris attacked pero nasa pilipinas sila
 Yung mga FB Friends ko na naka-marked safe during paris attack. Pero wala naman sila sa paris . Pauso 
 where were the Lebanese and Iraqi flags? where were the "marked safe" options for those countries?
 What does it mean when friends are ‘marked safe’ on #Facebook? http://www.dailynews.com/general-news/20151113/what-does-it-mean-when-friends-are-marked-safe-on-facebook … via @ladailynews
 Social media a blessing in times like these. My bud in Paris marked as "safe" on facebook. Many suffering but I'm glad there is one less.
 "Marked safe during Paris Terror Attack". Nangaunsa mo mga beshie? Davao rata oy! HAHAHAHA
 Marked safe during PARIS Terror Attacks. Taga PARIS KA PO?
 You're "marked safe" because you're from the Phil [dumbass]. One thing you are not safe from, is the inclining rate of pathetic 'pakikiuso'.
 It's funny that some of my friends click 'marked safe' on facebook. Srsly? you weren't in Paris, guys  #PrayforParis #Prayfortheworld
 "**** were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" CAN U PLS NOT THATS BS ITS ANNOYING
 *opens facebook* "Oh,I have a notif" *checks notif* Blahblahbla,blahblah and 2 others were marked safe during Paris terror attacks
 marked safe in paris but you were in the philippines.. how come? hahha
 4.1 million people marked themselves as safe w Facebook's Safety Check via @Variety updated post
 Hmmm. Marked safe pa. Tiga mabolo ka lang oyy. Baka poste ng kuryente nakita mong tower.
 Ok so, when i logged in to my facebook account, there was a notif about people who are marked safe during the... http://fb.me/1Z0GZxN0j 
 Facebook: 4.1M people marked themselves safe in the 24 hours after the Paris attack http://venturebeat.com/2015/11/13/facebook-activates-its-safety-alert-feature-for-parisians/ …
 Kung maka "marked safe" akala mo nasa Paris! Shushal!
 *....were marked safe during paris terror attacks*  oh shattap! like duh, you're in the philippines
 " Le wild friends and others were marked Safe during paris attacks " and i was like : " Hala? naa diay sila sa paris ron?" Leeeeewl.
 New notif:   "___________ and 11 others were marked safe during Paris Terrorists Attacks."  --mga feelingero! Asa... http://fb.me/43TLcFX39 
 i got annoyed that some old classmate marked themselves safe on facebook but turns out they actually are in france... oops
 9 of my friends were marked safe from The Paris Terror Attacks in facebook. None of them actually lives in Paris.
 Marked as safe sa paris. Pero nasa Manila lang naman. Wait what?! 
 Just interviewed local parents whose daughter is studying in Paris. Screen grab when she marked herself safe y-day. 
 Quite nerve-wracking having one friend in Paris still not marked safe by Facebook 24 hours later...
 I feel uneasy about the hashtags and regrams but Facebook's person "marked safe" notification is truly amazing.
 @Finn01 #esomar 2nd social media gem yesterday. The "Marked Safe" feature on FB which you could click on to let loved ones know you were OK
 Listen to MY GOSPEL Jo Jocreations was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.  http://goo.gl/fyjr3l 
 "Yung friend mo sa Pilipinas, naka-marked as safe sa Paris attacts. Yung totoo? Wag peymwor plis. Magdasal ng totoo."  #PrayForParis CS 2014
 it's kinda unsettling to get the facebook notifications that ppl i know personally get marked 'safe' in paris. I pray that everybody does.
 #PrayForParis  *changes profiles photo w/ French flag filter* *marked as safe. marked as affected. at Cubao*... http://fb.me/V9ZxfYKR 
 Some souls are maybe cheaper, there isn't a "marked safe" for Beirut #Facebook?
 Thankful for fbs marked safe feature..Sure would have been helpful if they enabled it for Syria these past five years, or Lebanon 2 days ago
 @ChxrIie luckily my family in Paris was marked as safe but I have no word from my family in Japan 
 I don't get my facebook friends who notify me they are marked safe in Paris when I'm pretty sure they're in the Philippines. Like, srsly???
 JOE was marked safe during Lebanon terror attacks Mr @MarcZuckerberg.
 Facebook did not create "safe" feature for France. First saw it after Central Asian earthquake when friends in Uzbekistan marked as "safe".
 Hearing of so many losses tonight, people I worked with, friends of friends... The ones who were not marked as "safe". Heartbroken.
 @MarianGibbon exactly! All my friends were marked safe in Paris but nobody cared to ask about those in Beirut. People's response shocked me
 My old French exchange student just marked herself as "safe" and my heart skipped a beat. SO RELIEVED  #ViveLaFrance
 @MrLeeRWilliams friend why are you marked safe on Facebook?? When did you fly out?
 If you're offended by truth I have a safe space for you.  I marked it with an X in the old abandoned bomb test site.  Quick hurry to safety
 @Pseudony_Ms the whole thing has is frustrating. Where is the "marked safe" button for middle easterners?
 All of my friends in Ile de France have officially been marked safe, thank god
 So glad that Ste from Leyland marked him self safe from a terror attack in a completely different country
 velascogus was marked safe during el buen fin
 Why has Facebook only activated "marked as safe" for Paris, but not Beirut? And why can you only use the French flag, not the Lebanese one?
 Naye Ugandans!owange marked safe during Paris attacks! #Song4 #CokeStudioAfrica
 Getting Facebook notifications about friends being marked safe in Paris is simultaneously heartwarming and mind-blowing. 2015!!!
 That moment when you let out a sigh of relief after getting a facebook notification that your friend who lives in Paris is marked safe.
 All but one of my relatives have been marked safe after the attacks last night. Prier pour Paris 
 @facebook you enabled the #markedsafe feature for Paris friends and Family.  Why not for Beirut, 24 hours earlier?
 The “Marked as Safe” feature is really the first time I’ve ever seen #Facebook use its powers for good, instead of its usual BS.
 Marwa marked herself safe after the speech of Sayyed NasrallAllah.
 JON SNOW MARKED SAFE DURING WHITEWALKER ATTACKS
 Foolish are the people who are 'Marked Safe From Paris Terror Attacks' but are in the Philippines. You are not taking it seriously you know.
 Thank goodness for facebook and the ability to have my friends in Paris marked safe! Was so worried,… https://instagram.com/p/-E7FDZKbxh/ 
 А како се става тоа дека си marked safe, за да стаам дека не сум safe у Скопје ми е, умираме од ова загадувањево...
 Ppl on FB so dumb. Someone marked themselves as safe because they "live" in Paris.  But the person posting pics from Jefferson Parish.
 The "marked safe" feature on Facebook is probably the coolest thing they've ever done. Completely forgot my friend is on vacation there
 @honeykhan9271 @NahalChakrani @amira_annabi @GodblessuMIK @TeamMiqbalkhan hey guys got a notification on fb saying amira was marked safe
 XX XX was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks
 Such a great feeling to know my friends in Paris were marked safe
 Facebook's use of the "marked safe" feature during the terror attacks was practical, useful. A French flag temp profile pic = silly garbage.
 Merci les amis Facebook belges, qui ne vont jamais à Paris et qui se "marked as safe" Je m'en doutais un peu.
 Happy to know my friend in France is marked safe
 best feelingif you have friends in Paris go on Facebook to see if they marked themselves safe #Prayers4Paris
 blessed to know that my family is marked safe  my heart and prayers go out to everyone affected #Prayers4Paris
 That "Marked Safe" option would've been nice a couple of days ago when black college students had death threats from those white terrorists.
 Hate that it has to be used, but @facebook's "Marked Safe" feature is incredible. Very practical way to update friends & loved ones en masse
 Thank you @facebook for the new "Marked Safe" feature! This is a truly great service that's widely appreciated. #MarkedSafe
 Its just like in the Nepal situation, people marked themselves safe on facebook. Did that help those who lost their lives? Or those who lay
 Having relatives being "marked safe" on Facebook is so relieving yet heartbreaking at the same time. What is wrong with the world  #Paris
 Di ko magets yung "Marked safe" sa fb. Mga nasa Paris ata tong mga friends ko eh. Ingat kayo diyan 
 You've gotta give @facebook credit for the "marked safe" feature after the horrendous attacks in Paris http://time.com/4112882/facebook-safety-check-paris/ … #jesuisparis
 The marked safe feature might be the best feature of Facebook. 
 My friends in Lebanon and Palestine don't have the privilege of using Facebook's "marked safe" function every time there's an attack.
 The Facebook "marked as safe" thing....ok, I get it, but now I worry about friends who are on FB but haven't checked in as safe.
 facebook is garbage but their "marked safe" feature is pretty great tbh.
 Thank god my grandparents were marked safe in the attacks. Hopefully the rest of my fam are okay and also the people 
 xx marked himself safe during Paris Terror Attacks.  from Kuršumlija
 Was so happy to see Andréa marked safe earlier, I've never been more afraid to lose a friend, especially with the Paris situation.
 Has marked safe after a Gazdoura in Lebanon!!!
 A friend of mine has just marked herself SAFE in Paris. Love the Facebook find friends in the affected area & see they are safe response.
 To my FB fiends in Paris who has marked themselves as safe-and all others. I am ecstatic to hear of… https://instagram.com/p/-EtLVfHutd/ 
 When my people died, no country cared. #Facebook didn’t bother with making sure my people were marked safe. #Liban http://goo.gl/Flc9NL 
 This is what corporate western bias looks like: Facebook had a "marked safe" button for Paris, but not for Beirut.
 The marked safe feature was a great tool and I'm sure many found it extremely useful yesterday.
 Happy to see that my friends in #paris were marked safe.  Love your family extra hard today.
 I breathed a huge sigh of relief earlier when my fam got marked safe on Facebook
 ZIBIN WAS MARKED SAFE DURING FRIENDZONE ATTACKS
 Glad to see my friend who lives in Paris has been marked as safe...#ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris
 Bat may nakiki marked safe sa paris terror attacks??
 For real, bless @facebook's "marked as safe" feature. My cousin is in Paris and is keeping family and friends updated by using it.
 marked safe during paris terror attacks 
 @berkingham was marked safe during paris terror attacks (near çamlıhemşin)
 Aida hajjar marked her self not safe during israeli occupation
 people in st lucia that marked themselves as safe during the paris attacks 
 mga prends sa pinas, paki tigil ang marked safe pls lang tngina
 Also v thankful for the Facebook "marked as safe" feature for letting me know my Parisian friends are okay.
 @10NewsPhillips my cousin is there she's marked as safe thank god!
 So glad that our friends and colleagues in Paris have been marked safe by that new Facebook feature. Technology was a comfort last night.
 "X has marked himself safe from Paris attacks"....vive em Portugal...
 A dozen Facebook friends marked safe, only one of which is actually in Paris. Please don't be assholes 
 @ChiSportsGal Yeah, that's pretty shit, but the marked safe thing they did yesterday more than makes up for it to me 
 Why weren't people marked safe from the bombs in Lebanon...
 Facebook and their "marked safe during" status updates 
 .@facebook how about having the 'marked safe' feature for people in Beirut and Baghdad too? Or is that data not that valuable to you?
 Another friend in France marked herself safe on fb. I was worried about her.
 I was really scared for my friend in France but he's marked safe so I'm happy now
 This "[name] has marked themselves safe in Paris" on Facebook is honestly the best proactive idea I've seen in years.
 Simply love the @facebook safety check feature: tagging people "marked safe". It's part of the GREAT side of social media.
 Love this. So glad to see mes amis marked safe!  
 Thank God all of my friends in Paris are safe. My heart goes out to you all. Mimlu Sen Marked herself safe · 13... http://fb.me/5tjtND5wG 
 I am really liking the marked safe button from facebook, every time it shows someone being marked safe my heart... http://fb.me/1tM3SYnFP 
 I got a notification saying my cousin who's in Paris has been marked "safe". Facebook pulled through.  #PrayForParis
 Marked herself safe, taga cdo raman diay
 And apparently I'm still waking up because I thought Facebook had marked a Parisian friend safe but suddenly there's no note now.
 @VictorEnriq Yeah, that 'marked as safe' feature is one of the good things Facebook has going for it, I agree.
 I am relieved to see that most of my FB friends in Paris marked themselves as safe.
 @dstfelix @Bubblenoma are you mad? If more than 6 people marked themselves as safe they'd send the drone back in.
 What does it mean when friends are “marked safe” on Facebook? http://sh.st/st/27b221792aa0ac67e950a69592b6bac1/https://www.google.com/url?rct=j&sa=t&url=http://www.dailynews.com/general-news/20151113/what-does-it-mean-when-friends-are-marked-safe-on-facebook&ct=ga&cd=CAIyGjYwOTY4NGVlNGEzODhiZWY6Y29tOmVuOlVT&usg=AFQjCNGKSE9IAqYS2um2mMrRXbMWw60Sdw … #facebook
 'Marked safe' is a great Facebook feature, but it's torture waiting for the notifications to come in.
 was there a beirut marked safe check in on facebook also? did i miss that?
 @Kblackburnn1 a notification came up for that finnely guy being marked as safe and these came up when I clicked it!
 marked safe στο ντελιβεράδικο της γειτονιάς του
 45 of my friends were marked safe. HAHAHAH. Idgaf.
 I marked myself safe in the Paris attacks. My Pinoy friends thinks I'm being insensitive. My French friends think it's an act of solidarity.
 40 of my Facebook friends were marked "safe". But when are we REALLY safe? http://wp.me/p5QBrm-r8  #ParisAttacks
 Love the #Facebook system to mark safe those traveling abroad when tragedy happens. One of the #ifrwanda ladies was marked safe in Paris.
 the new "marked safe" function on facebook is a sobering reminder that no matter how far we progress, human brutality follows us still
 "..were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Nasa Paris ka pala ngayon, ingat ka ah
 Facebook is really working yo..damn...from marked safe alerts to French flag background for your dp
 Never mind the "marked safe" check, #Lebanon needs a "I was 2 minutes away from the bombing" or "Zamatna ya man"... http://fb.me/QZgIRRpN 
 @denisenarcs marked as safe
 Usually I'm annoyed of Fb but the "marked safe in Paris" feature on FB almost made me cry
 So relieved to hear that my friends have been marked safe in Paris. You're in my prayers. 
 Akong facebook naka lives in Paris, France man diay ko awa na marked safe ko haha
 Thanks to FB, I know my college crush is marked safe in Paris. Social Media is quite the thing. I find no adequate words about the massacre.
 RT @RaisedByCulture: Blogger and @TheNetworkNiche founder @JusticeJonesie marked herself as safe on FB. #parisattacks
 Bat ba ganon, dami kong fb friends nag ma-marked safe during Paris attack kahit na nasa Manila naman sila 
 Marked safe? You in Paris bruh? 
 Pro tip: If you went ahead and marked yourself safe just "for fun" while you NOWHERE NEAR Paris, you are a scumbag.
 di ko alam kung maiirita ako or what sa notif sakin sa fb na "(friend) marked safe during paris terrorist attack" 
 Don't mind those people who marked themselves "safe" from the terrorist attack. Nangita rana silag Paris 
 unsay MARKED SAFE nga naa rako dres balay! 
 (My friend in Paris was finally marked safe can't tell you how great waking up to that felt.)
 I hope these people marking themselves 'safe' on FB know the real purpose of that thing. Hindi yung nakatira ka sa 'Pinas tas marked ka.
 "<insert name here> was marked safe during Paris Terror attack." pero wala sa Paris. -_-  Ano yun? Safe ka sa singko? Sa heartbreak? Wtf.
 *insert name of facebook friend who is obvs not in Paris* was marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks.  meh. kasi you're here. anoba smh
 Anong marked safe sa fb?
 Facebook, where was the "marked safe" & "turn profile pic into flag" literally 24 hrs earlier? No to selective condemnation. #Paris #Beirut
 Facebook has a "Marked Safe" button. U can check if your friends from Paris are ok like that. 
 My family marked themselves safe on Facebook! 
 What does it mean when friends are “marked safe” on Facebook? http://www.dailynews.com/general-news/20151113/what-does-it-mean-when-friends-are-marked-safe-on-facebook … via @DailyBreezeNews
 Relieved to see friends marked safe in Paris by facebook.What would it mean if facebook wanted to mark my Iraqi or Palestinian friends safe?
 Kainis yung mga taong nag MARKED SAFE wala naman sa PARIS :3
 The Facebook "marked safe," feature following the attacks in Paris is golden. Kudos. Warm to see my friends are all safe and accounted.
 What's this thing on fb where people were marked safe of the terrorist attack? Bro, you ain't in paris though 
 As of now, all my friends in Paris have "marked themselves safe".  Thanks #Facebook #Twitter @twitter @facebook
 My friends in Paris have all now marked themselves as safe on FB; I'm grateful  #ViveLaFrance #ParisAttacks
 @_xxzcv zyra is marked safe from sesens love attack 
 Idk what to feel seeing my friends marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks where in fact, they're just in the Phil. Seriously, guys??
 "Toot, toot and 12 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."  nasa paris pala kayo
 Wishd feature was used 4othr countries that get less attention but thnkful for @facebook's 'marked safe'-just saw friend was ok &was worried
 As intrusive as I find Facebook at times, the “marked as safe” updates from friends in Paris last night were a reminder of its use for good.
 I see many fellas on my TL & Facebook "marked safe" after #ParisAttacks yet I know many who stay in Mlolongo & Kasarani. SMH
 Thankful for friends marked safe via #FB #JeSuisParis.
 Surreal to wake up to phone notifications saying, "XX was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Mes pensées sont avec vous. #paris
 As of this moment, i have 28 friends marked safe during #ParisTerrorAttack ...
 I have to commend Facebook for the 'marked safe' in Paris check in feature. I was so worried about so many people but I'm glad they're safe.
 Dude your location says Philippines. Of course you're marked safe from France Bombings.
 Friend, good to know naman na "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" ka, pero balita 'ko pa-tweet tweet ka lang dyan sa bahay nyo eh.
 Love the safety check feature from @facebook letting me know which of my friends in #Paris have been marked safe.
 @EYforlife marked as safe paaa. 
 "Chu chu chu were marked safe during paris chuchu" sa fb. Andami ha.
 Why does Facebook have a 'Marked Safe' feature? #questions
 bakit andaming nag-ma-marked safe na pinoy e 'di naman sila nakatira sa Paris? :/
 Para sa from France pala yung "...is marked safe" smth na nagnonotify saken. Kingina bat Pilipino 'to? Ano ka? Feeling Pranses? 'NAMO!
 marked as safe pa more  
 silently judging those who "marked" themselves safe from the Paris attack
 Am very thankful for Facebook's 'marked safe' feature.
 I had no news from a friend, seriously began to panic, and then I saw she marked herself safe on Facebook. Thanks for that, Mark.
 Saddened to hear the shocking events in Paris.  I'm thankful that my friends have marked themselves safe but my... http://fb.me/6UrWlByAq 
 Dear friends on fb,  if there's a notif saying I marked myself safe during the Paris Attack, I'm not doing anything ha. Sincerely, me.
 Marked herself safe from paris attack  nasa paris ka ba?
 Yo people, special announcement that some people who are marked safe in your fb notifs didn't mark themselves so yeah don't judge
 Facebook has a safety check to see if your friends in the area are marked safe from the Paris attacks. Awesome.
 Meron akong friend na nag "Marked safe during Paris attacks". wow ate di mo naman ako in-inform na nasa Paris ka pala!
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook has to be one of the greatest ideas of our time.
 i have two friends in paris and it was really nice to receive a notification saying they had both been marked as safe
 @RhutherP  540 were maked marked safe during paris terror attacks.
 getting notifications saying my French friends have been "marked safe"
 Please stay safe and be careful,especially if your country is marked as possibly under threat.My thoughts are with you all. #PrayForHumanity
 Yung mga nasa facebook na naka "Marked as safe" WOW! So taga paris na kayo? 
 Wow, those "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" on Facebook are the kind of notifications I never thought I'd be getting...
 Can you only be 'marked safe' in cities north of the Mediterranean?
 Those things on Facebook where your friends get marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks is actually sort of useful for my French pals.
 Unfriending everyone who were "marked safe from Paris Terror Attacks" and in real life are just old and new schoolmates. Insensitive.
 I got a FB notification that my friend was marked 'Safe' in the Paris attacks. Amazing feature for loved ones during this awful tragedy.
 @Huwniverse yeah I got the notification that she'd marked as safe. Incredibly useful feature.
 @DFusco7 yes! So much evil. Fortunately my family and friends in Paris have marked themselves safe.
 Marked safe during the Paris attack? I just saw you this afternoon buying isaw 
 How does @facebook determine when to activate the "marked safe" feature? What are the criteria? http://blogbaladi.com/why-dont-we-have-a-facebook-safety-check-for-beirut/ …
 We need a "kent b3id di2ten 3an l enfijar" feature instead of "marked safe" in Lebanon.
 Could marked safe some friends in attracted area. I really do hope your family and friends and and all animals... http://fb.me/3QAeftZIL 
 "Marked safe by himself"  iba na to.
 "Marked safe" pucha baka nasa Paris?????
 @jamieklingler she just marked herself as safe. Thank fuck.
 Marked safe na daw, taga pinas ka hindi taga PARIS
 All my friends & colleagues in Paris who marked safe, please take care of yourself & family.
 Getting a Facebook notification that 3 of my friends were marked as "safe" during the #ParisAttacks brought as much fear as it did relief
 "______, ______ and _______ were marked safe during paris terror attacks" 
 Chuchuchu were marked safe during paris terror attacks... Guys nasa pinas kayo ano ba sus
 Marked safe sa paris attack pero nasa pinas gunggong
 What the f*ck. One more "Marked Safe" notification from my friends and I'll start blocking. Why is everybody... http://fb.me/3DadCvtSe 
 Why would the Muslim World and Arabs be "marked safe" on ANY platform when WE are believed to be the unsafe and dangerous individuals?
 "We should use protection"   "Naah boo. We good."  "Huh?"  "Yea. I saw this morning Facebook marked you as safe."
 "....... were marked safe during Paris Terror Attack" Malamang. Eh sa Bacoor ka lang din naman nakatira.
 marked safe ka dyan tangina mo syempre nasa cubao ka eh gago
 Taga Malabon pero "marked safe" from Paris attack. This isn't a joke, people. Wag na mag post, nakakagulo lang.
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is a good idea, until melts in the UK etc start using it during things like the Paris attacks
 I'm saddened we live in a world where we need a so & so is marked safe feature on Facebook.  #ParisAttacks
 Marwa marked herself safe after the indian bus ride beside the driver.
 *unfriends PH friends who are marked "safe from Paris Terror Attacks"*
 "Were marked safe during the Paris attack" "Lives in Quezon City" edi wow just....
 'Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks " ... Live in Aizawl. 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 a om in a ang lo thrin emai...
 "marked safe from Paris Terror Attacks"  TAGA-PARIS KA BEH?!?! :/
 Facebook's emergency check in is completely and totally amazing. Social media is doing beautiful things for emergency response #MarkedSafe
 More and more of my Paris friends are being marked safe on FB .
 Oh thank god one of my friends in Paris just marked herself safe on fb i've been worried about her all day
 The marked safe in Paris on fb is genius, but it just shows how cheap we are. #prayfortheworld #prayforsyria #prayforbeirut #prayforegypt
 All friends in Paris marked safe. Social media as its best.
 What's wrong with all these people? "Marked safe during the Paris Attack". Alangan man hoy, naa ra gud mo diri sa Pinas. Animels. -.-
 Facebook gives some peace..... Thankfully all I know have been "marked as safe" 
 Today, again I salute the power of tech. That "marked safe" feature on #mkz has really helped ease some anxiety. May sanity prevail.
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is absolutely amazing and such a good idea.. Such a relief when you see someone's name pop up you know
 i got a notification that a girl i went to high school with who now lives in paris was "marked safe"
 facebook notifs be like: "*toot* and 12 other friends are marked safe during paris terror attacks"  KAILAN PA KAYO NAPUNTA SA PARIS???
 Those who marked themselves "safe" after the terrorist attacks in Paris, keep in mind that none is safe anymore, nowhere...
 "was marked safe during paris terror attacks"  ...tas nahiling mong nagalakaw lakaw sa gaisano
 to know if they were safe. every time i see the "marked themselves safe during the paris attack" i don't laugh, i feel disgusted.
 Pabebe "marked-as-safe" residents of the Philippines.
 bakit kaya ang daming nag ma-marked safe during paris attack e hndi naman taga Paris 
 So glad my family in Paris are marked safe 󾓮󾬑
 out of 17 friends that were marked safe, only 3 were from France. 
 Well done to FB for the friends marked safe 
 Tigil tigilan niyo ko sa marked safe from paris blabla. Nasa ZC kayo hoy
 When FB notifies you that your friends "marked safe" in Paris terror attacks kahit di naman sila nakatira doon wth 
 Asar yung mga marked safe sa fb. Kung di ISIS mananakit sayo ibang tao baka Isa sa mga Pedro GIL boyz naman HAHAHA
 "Paris marked safe" But you're from the Philippines i don't get it??
 Cringing at those people who are not in Paris but marked themselves safe. 
 my friend who moved last year just marked herself as safe I'm so relieved
 My fam has been marked safe in Paris bt this isn't acceptable in anyways. #ParisAttack is an attack on all humanity.
 Muntanga mga friends ko sa fb they were marked as safe daw during the Paris terror attack, e di wow
 nakakatawa tong mga facebook friends ko na nasa davao lang tapos nag popost dun sa fb na "marked safe during Paris attacks". 
 This 'Friends Marked Safe' feature on FB today is a reminder of the great potential goods of social media.
 The best thing Facebook ever did was to come up with this 'marked safe' feature.
 People on my facebook doing the "marked safe from the Paris attack" thing, WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU. Ever heard of the word respect?
 Luh? Kanina mo nga lang nalaman yung tungkol sa Paris Terror Attack eh. Tapos sasabihin mo marked as safe ka. Don't us.
 "[Insert FB Friends name here] were marked safe during Paris Terror Attack" Srsly? Kahit nasa PH ka? Those squammy mf needs to stop.
 Waking up at 4am checking facebook and seeing 2 friends from Paris were marked as safe was reassuring and a nice touch from facebook.
 Woke up to find my friend marked safe on Facebook. Thank God. #ParisAttacks
 "you're not in paris to be marked safe, duh"  HAHAHAHAHHAHHA
 ".... marked safe."   Of course you're safe, you're about 11,300km away from Paris.  
 The 'marked safe' feature could be the best thing about Facebook
 Yung mga "marked as safe" dito sa Pilipinas, ganyan ba talaga kayo ka-insensitive, o sadyang tanga lang? Puro kayo sali sa trend eh
 I received a notif that 3 of my FB friends were marked safe. I dont remember having friends from Paris. Hope they don't take this as a joke.
 "Marked safe during Paris Terror Attack" ka pa jan eh nanjan ka lang naman sa bahay nyo. Yung totoo
 The safety check feature on Facebook is brilliant. Happy to see two friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. #ParisAttacks
 Can I unfriend these people who marked themselves safe despite not being in Paris???
 Someone marked as safe on the FB checker. Surprised they were a) in the area and b) still on my friend list. Should see to that
 Why would the Muslim World and Arabs be "marked safe" in ANY platform when WE are believed to be the unsafe and dangerous individuals?
 Selfish Relief. The last person on my list I was waiting for to be marked safe on FB in Paris. Finally got ticked this morning
 @SkyAMorgan the Facebook "marked safe" feature was also an excellent initiative by a big corporation.
 Andrey Alexandru and Muriel Granados were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.: Andrey Alexandru and Murie... http://on.fb.me/1QChgX2 
 ONE OF MY COUSINS MARKED HIMSELF SAFE FROM THE ATTACKS THANK GOD
 was marked safe pa more
 Nag marked safe ka pero taga Pilipinas ka lang naman. Haaaay! #PrayForParis
 tiga pinas "marked safe from PARIS terror attacks" tang ina DUH 
 samoka aning marked safe during paris terror attack pag sure mo ey. feeling naas paris lng hahahaha
 Facebook's 'marked safe' feature is excellent. Evolution of social media for the better
 Successfully unfriend-ed people who are from Malaysia who marked themselves "safe" from Paris terrors bc they r bloody confused where they r
 I like Fb's marked safe application. I suggest to also use it for drone attacks in Yemen and natural hazards in Pakistan #alllivesmatter
 "*name* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  WERE U EVEN IN PARIS???????????
 Inspite of telling yourself that you are marked safe by the paris terror attacks, why don't you just pray for paris?
 First time I see the 'marked safe' Facebook feature for 2 Parisian friends. So glad they're safe.
 28 of my Parisian friends have been marked as safe (sigh of relief) #ViveLaFrance
 What is this "marked safe" thing in fb
 #Prayers4Paris  this world can be a terrifying place. So so sad. Thank goodness my friends in Paris are marked safe!
 They teach you that your culture is backwards, your religion is nonsense, that they are the civilized ones who deserve to be "marked safe".
 ...was marked safe during Paris terror attacks.  Thank God.
 All friends marked safe now. Thanks Facebook. #lucky
 Facebook's 'marked safe' feature is really excellent isn't it
 @WendyWings @UpsideBackwards C has been marked as safe on Facebook by her bf 
 Nag marked safe ka pero taga Pilipinas ka lang naman. Haaaay! #PrayForParis
 ________ were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.  Wow! I didn't know most of my facebook friends are in Paris right now.
 "Marked safe during paris attack" murag naas paris
 "____ was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  TARANTADO KA BA EH NASA PILIPINAS KA LANG? ANONG PAUSO MO? TREND BA YAN EH TRAGEDY TO?
 Thanks facebook for the 'marked safe' feature - really helpful indeed
 "*insert name* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Oh, you are in Paris right now? So amazing 
 Seeing the best &worst of #socialmedia during these times. Good is the marked safe feature on FB. Bad is the scum bags creating hoax content
 People who are not living in Paris and marked themselves as safe from terrorist attacks are just showing disrespect to those who suffered.
 Relieved after our Euro trip that the few friends we made are in Paris marked themselves 'safe' after… https://instagram.com/p/-D_WxSxf27/ 
 Facebook still remaining as classy as ever by saying that my friends are marked as safe during the Paris Attacks. Seriously, screw you FB.
 The Facebook "marked safe" is the best thing to happen to the Internet
 I love this feature of facebook where all my friends marked safe in Paris.  Of course I am also contacting them... http://fb.me/sBRtPWV0 
 Incredibly grateful to @facebook Marked Safe - so reassuring to have almost instant news from 26 friends living or working in Paris.
 The 'marked safe in Paris' option on Facebook is a great tool. Clever use of social media.
 And 'Marked Safe' status set up on Facebook for people in Paris 
 "*insert name of a person living here in the Philippines* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" malamang po huhu lupet nyo uy
 Current Facebook status: 293 friends in Paris marked as safe. Thank you, Safety Check. 
 I got a notification on facebook saying that a guy I'm friends with and lives in paris now was marked as safe, didn't know that was a thing
 Sickens me that people are doing the "marked safe" thing over a massacre that happened last night. I said it about the Nepal earthquakes
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  lul nasa alabang ka lang uy!
 Where was the "marked safe" Facebook option when the Beirut attack happened?
 I've had Facebook notifications to say 'x was marked as safe in Paris'. It's made me very emotional. #OneHumanRace
 "yung mga fb friends mong nag “marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks” feeling nasa Paris eh nakahilata lang naman sa kanila."  ©
 So thankful for the Paris safe check in on FB. Haven't been able to contact a few friends there but seeing them marked safe is relieving 
 Just found out my friend Jessica was marked as safe in Paris on Facebook. She's been on my mind for hours.
 "Marked himself/herself safe; marked by chuchu safe" dafuq? 
 Everyone's gonna start using this marked safe thing on fb now
 Pagtarung anang marked safe mo sa Paris Terror Attacks. Wa mo sa Paris.
 I'm glad a few of my friends have been marked SAFE
 The Marked safe feature on Facebook is a really good idea! 
 I have two Facebook friends in france they have both marked themselves safe on fb 
 "(someone clearly not living in France rn) and others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
 In s3 we were given French pen pals and I still have mine on facebook, got such a sense of relief seeing him marked as safe
 Friends in Paris, I know some of you have marked as safe, but some of you have not. #Prayers4Paris Peace to Paris
 How do you decide about duration of a terrorist attack?"Markedsafe" one could still be in an attack. wording should be changed. #safetycheck
 Facebook's marked as safe feature and now Twitter with #PorteOuverte. What a brilliant combination of human compassion and technology
 DeiDei and D. Have been marked safe!
 Russian friend of mine that I met 10 years ago has been living in Paris last few years marked herself as safe via FB. Quite a bit of relief.
 A bunch of Facebook friends have marked themselves safe, despite not being in Paris. Konting sensitivity naman please.
 Check d status of your friends & family in Paris who are on Facebook, if they've marked safe https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 My two Paris friends have marked as safe on Facebook. Along with one lad from Galway who thought it'd be funny, dickhead blocked now.
 Great #Facebook feature!!! #MarkedSafe Great use of #socialmedia!
 Evo počeli su sa "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Usraću se !
 mbu Ategéka Derriçk Buuza Abaly'awo was marked safe during the Paris terror attack.....! do we have a place called Paris in Uganda??
 ".........were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" ABA MALAMANG PO, WALA NAMAN PO KASI KAYO SA PARIS NASA PILIPINAS PO KAYO ANO PO
 Ano yung nakikita ko sa fb na marked safe sa paris attacks? Tanga ba yalll
 hahaha dem people who marked themselves safe from terrorist attacks on paris lul wag kami iba na lang hahaha
 Even man wey e nova ever cross Douala was marked safe during the Paris Terror attacks #IdiLaf me yah.
 Such a relief my family have been marked safe in Paris #prayforparis
 @jamiedayagbil marked herself safe. Hahahahahahaha
 Same way people in Paris marked themselves safe when the hear report of other places. 
 @becka295 right!! like there is nothing wrong to put your location as Paris but its really not necessary to use the marked safe thing
 yung sa fb 'asdfjwaerjaoi marked safe during paris terror attacks' feeling mga nasa paris eh no HAHAHAHA~!
 Ah, the return of the "marked as safe" tubes in my life. And now they are not in my life.
 Woke up today with my friends marked safe during the terror attacks.. My deepest condolences to those… https://instagram.com/p/-D4pzhFsSm/ 
 "was marked safe during paris terror attack"  annoying
 Ilang friends nyo na ang Marked safe? Haha  #PrayForParis http://fb.me/4JS6RXP4C 
 its fine to put your location on FB to France. nothing wrong but was it really necessary for you to use the marked safe thing?
 I have family living in paris and they just marked themselves as safe on facebook, I'm so relieved, thoughts go out to everyone affected 
 don't use the "Marked safe at Paris" feature on Facebook if you weren't in Paris at the time of the attacks. 
 *insert name* marked safe at Paris  Terror Attack. Feeling taga Paris Ampu.
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is the world's greatest thing right now. So grateful that my family are okay
 Good to see the Facebook "marked safe" messages for some of my friends from Paris. I hope the rest is safe as well.
 Mă bucur că @piticu21 este safe la Chişinău! Bine că şi-a dat "marked as safe"! Toată lumea ştie că Parisul este o suburbie a Chişinăului!
 Six of my friends haven't marked themselves as safe on facebook SO IF YOU ARE READING THIS PLS DO IT
 "........ marked himself safe"  Bakit? Nasa Paris ka ba? 
 Ano na naman ba yang "...were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." ??
 pagsure anang marked safe during paris terror attacks ninyo HAHAHAHA
 Ba't kayo nag ma-marked safe sa Paris Terror attack. Please guys. Nasa Ilocos Norte lang kayo. HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.
 my friend from paris marked herself safe on facebook i'm so thankful
 Lol this one on my Facebook who is currently in Abule Egba, Lagos just marked himself safe from the Paris attacks... You don't say
 The "marked as safe" feature in Facebook is a good and important feature for now IMO.
 Was marked herself safe
 I'd like to thank Facebook for  "marked safe".  My heart is with the victims & their families. #PrayForParis
 I'm so glad my only fb friend who's marked himself safe is actually in Paris right now  Hindi masyadong nakakairita lahat ng fb friends ko
 Nag marked safe from Paris Terror Attack eh wala naman sa Paris. Ipadala yan sa ISIS! Hahaha
 May pa marked marked safe kapa sa facebook wala ka naman sa paris -_-
 Yung fb friends mong "marked safe during the terror attacks in Paris" eh feeling nasa Paris lang eh noh
 Pal in France, noticed Facebook have provided a feature where he's marked himself as safe. Pretty good feature!
 so relieved to hear my cousins in paris have all been marked safe
 I'm getting Facebook notifications that my friends in Paris are marked "safe" during the attacks
 So thankful to see friends marked safe on Facebook this morning but cannot comprehend the events in Paris. Wishes & thoughts with everyone.
 my friends marked themselves safe on facebook but five of them didn't you have no idea how scared i am 
 "Bla bla bla and 45 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" hahaha! Stfu fb friends! Para abla na Paris sila. Lol. 
 ano ba yang mga jejemon may pamarked safe marked safe pa kayo jan eh wala naman kayo sa Paris. Kakainis
 "******* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Hahahahaha gago nasa Pilipinas ka pls.
 Facebook "Marked safe" button is cutting down the number of texts, emails & whatsapps I have to send this morning. #Paris
 Langya yung mga nag-marked safe sa paris like dude nasa pilipinas ka. Nakaka-gago lang 
 In case (like me) you didn't know, Facebook has a new "marked safe" facility - @EDANDADPHOTO @TrudieBtyne
 Oh of course you're marked safe! YOU'RE IN THE FUCKING PHILIPPINES!
 "marked safe" duh
 Cypriots Marked Safe via Facebook in Paris Terror Attacks http://buff.ly/1WXYSHK  #ParisAttacks
 Facebook is tagging my friends in Paris who are marked safe. Best feature ever.
 That *insert name* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.  Lmao x Yengtetee?
 @IMSahilBhalla also don't think Facebook has bothered to add a "marked safe" button for those in Beirut.
 Facebook is telling me my Paris-based friends are marked as safe.
 F*cked up liars got themselves "marked as safe during Paris terrorist attack" on my FB feed but are not actually in Paris #Prayers4Paris
 im really offended on people who marked themselves safe from the attack in paris.  JESUS CHRIST. YOURE NOT EVEN IN THAT COUNTRY.
 my friends in Paris are marked safe. what a horrible time. #PrayForParis
 Many Unfriend clicks to those marked safe aiurea during Paris Terror Attacks.
 This has been a truly strange night. I am safe in Paris. My Parisian friends seem all marked as safe. Feeling grateful and humbled.
 I like how Facebook had a feature telling you if your friends in France were "marked as safe" last night.
 Anong kagaguhan naman yung nasa Pilipinas ka tapos you "marked yourself safe" from Paris' terror attacks
 ... were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks na kaniguan yan.
 @facebook would be great if you could also have #MarkedSafe for #BeirutAttacks. I have friends all around the world, not just in Europe ️
 I will say I do like the marked safe feature on fb.
 I knock FB sometimes, but that 'marked as safe' thing helped a few of us last night and this morning.
 I was marked safe too...but in the end, I still fell hard for you and felt pain.
 What does it mean when friends are “marked safe” on Facebook? http://goo.gl/cYRkcr 
 thank God my friends are ok and marked safe, big support to all the people involved in #ParisAttacks from #Croatia
 Facebook has a notification for friends who marked themselves as safe in the aftermath of an attack. How fucking vile that we need that.
 So much relief to wake up to friends marked safe on Facebook. That feature is incredible, horrific that it had to be activated.
 When I heard the news about Paris, my heart dropped. I have so many friends there, but thankfully everyone seems to be marked safe.
 ano ba yung "marked safe on the paris terror attacks" HAHAHA
 People who marked themselves 'safe' when in fact they are not really in Paris. Talk about social climbing at its finest.
 Facebook just marked a friend as 'safe' in Paris. Nigerians are everywhere too, we should worry same way we would if it was Borno or Yola.
 @katemather @Alexa_Ard I was amazed by this!! I had two friends marked as safe in Paris.
 Oh c'mon nasa manila lang why get marked safe?
 Marked safe? baka nag ednis tapos safe daw
 So thankful to be getting FB notifications that my friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. #PrayForParis
 ohh that thing facebook did with 'xxx was marked safe in paris' is so thoughtful
 Several of my friends marked safe in France during the blast. At times like these, social media is a blessing, we must admit!
 Lol makhi i've got many international friends,i just got another notification on facebook that 3 of them were marked safe @shorty_galore
 @Anonymous_Me67 "Pinoy marked Safe from terrorist attacks"   Who would have known
 Waking up by my American friend, seeing our friends being marked safe in Paris.   One of those mornings.
 #MarkedSafe "marked herself safe" "marked himself safe" "marked safe by"... markup language of 2015 ://
 And in a different function, Facebook for its 'People Marked Safe' feature. Despite the thoughtless posts, Social Media does a LOT of good.
 My friends in Paris are all marked as Safe. Thank God. Some good news in all the chaos
 Good to wake up to see all my Parisian friends marked safe, and thank you Facebook for offering the feature
 "Kenza and 10 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"
 thankful for, and chilled by, the Facebook "marked safe" feature
 Three friends in Paris has marked themselves as safe through Facebook. So incredible unbelievable. Once again: it could've been you and me.
 Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks daw ada. 
 Wow I’m not sure if this “Friends Marked Safe” feature on Fb is new but it’s wonderful.
 Both disgusted by fb "marked as safe" functionality and intensely grateful for it showing me my family is safe.
 Marked as safe? More like marked as traumatized, disgusted with the world and miserable. Iza shi.
 @SiUttley seem to be, thank you. I’m kind of glad for social media and Facebook’s ‘Friends Marked Safe’ feature.
 #PrayForParis glad too see most of my family are marked safe!!
 All my friends in Paris have marked themselves as ‘safe’. Thank you Facebook for that feature.
 When you get the message from FB that you're friends from Paris are marked safe. Nice one FB :)
 ОК, новата простотия на ФБ Ivan marked himself safe during Paris Terror Attacks ми идва в повече...
 i've got just marked "safe" use this page to mark the one you know are safe there. >>>... http://fb.me/6XjIKoi5p 
 "Marked safe" fítusinn á FB er frábær. Vaknaði með notification um að 3 vinir í París séu óhultir. Bíð eftir fleiri svoleiðis notifications.
 Apil2 anang "...were marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attack" oy. Naa rakas Pinas, bogo.
 I don't know about these people in FB but why are you "marked safe"? Not sure if that's a publicity stunt but you're definitely not helping.
 My heart is so full from these attacks - this was my area, these were places I went to. So lucky my loved ones are marked safe.
 Unfriending fb friends who marked themselves safe on fb from the Paris terror attack despite them obviously being here in the Philippines.
 wow, you marked yourself safe from the Paris Terror Attacks... at kelan ka pa naging taga-Paris? Ikain mo na lang ng pares 'yan... 󾌽
 ngayon ko lang nakita sa noti ko tong Paris marked safe na toh, mga ulol wala naman kayo sa Paris!
 Facebook now: X & Y were marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attack.  BECAUSE THEY ARE IN LEBANON.
 TF is Facebook telling me who has been marked 'safe'? FB is really beginning to frustrate me. Always sending unnecessary notifications
 Ano tong marked safe, marked safe na'to? Kaloka!
 Nu vă mai dați "marked as safe" de prin alte locuri decât Paris. Aplicația aia are un scop, voi îl stricați
 47 friends and relatives are marked safe in Paris. I'm waiting for 9 more... #prayforparis #peace
 woe maka marked safe sa paris attack kala mo taga france woe
 seeing Facebook notif from your friends marked as safe  living in Paris(the real ones) is such a great sigh!  #PrayForParis
 i have too many friends in paris not yet marked safe
 Just getting notifications from Facebook from friends in Paris who are "marked safe."    Good on you, Facebook.    #PrayToParis
 Yesterday marked the realization that no one is safe and that we all have a duty of being united to… https://instagram.com/p/-DrngiMSgm/ 
 *insert names here* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.  Malamang nasa Pilipinas ka! Gago ka ba?
 Marked safe sa fb di ka naman taga Paris tang ina ka
 hearing that my French best friend/former exchange student from Paris was marked safe today was the best news I heard all day
 "...were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  jfc you guys are half the world away from paris there's no need to do that
 Facebook is often a pile of poo, but the "Marked as safe" feature is very good.
 Partner of a friend in Paris marked themselves as safe on FB so chances are the rest of them are OK too. Thank goodness for that feature.
 Just woke up to the news of the  #ParisAttacks. Thank God all my friends have been marked safe. Shocking.
 Marked safe? Malamang sa malamang nasa Philippines ka eh. HAHAHAHA ohwellpapel
 So so relived that my friend who lives in central Paris has been marked as Safe. Never have I ever been so glad for fb. #PrayForWorld
 Ano ba tong "marked safe during paris terror attack" na to? Punyemas hahaha lahat ba kayo nasa paris!!?
 LRT Fii and Jay for talk JM ein girl is marked safe
 it's chilling to wake up ignorant and first thing you see is someone you know has been "marked safe" on Facebook. Sad for France 
 Sabog notifs ko dyan sa marked safe from Paris terror attack, tanga ka ba? Alam kong nasa Pilipinas ka.
 "all your friends in the affected area are marked as safe." what a fantastic use of social media when the world... http://fb.me/7nPsQNTXW 
 @iamOmanhene @RealJay_YorKe  You go get notification say ur friend in France has been marked safe, wey the person dey Ghana too  
 Facebook has alerted me that a friend living in Paris has been marked as safe by someone else. Great feature Facebook. So glad to read it.
 To the people who marked safe but you're in the Philippines  Stop...this isn't funny
 yung mga fb friends mo na marked safe during Paris terror attacks, feeling nasa PARIS.HAHAHAHA
 I have this FB friend who marked himself safe on the Safety Check for Paris attacks when in fact he's just here in PH.  I unfriended him. 
 The new "marked safe" feature recently launched by Facebook is such a great one. Glad to see many using it after yesterday's #Paris attacks.
 Do you know anyone in Paris? See if they marked themselves as safe in Facebook's safety check: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe&pnref=story … #ParisAttacks
 I don't think I can do anything but Laura isn't marked safe on fb and I'm trying not to freak out
 Sa mga FB Friend ko na nagma-marked Safe dahil sa #ParisAttacks at pati ako minarkahan ng Safe! Punyeta andto kayo sa Pilipinas!
 in regards to Facebook's "marked safe" option, would have been GREAT if it was active fr Beirut ystrday. I guess Arab lives < European lives
 He/she marked herself safe! Naa kag Paris?! mark mark arun ignon! Did you guys think it was awesome to read... http://fb.me/7vzmGWHem 
 so glad my cousins are marked safe from the Paris attack
 Facebook marked all my fam and friends in paris safe
 Why am I getting "...was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." notifications from people who are in the Philippines? Tangina ba kayo?
 A good idea, FB page "marked safe" for friends in Paris. Please use it if you're in the city, and if you're... http://fb.me/47U3LaRrS 
 Wow are people really doing that 'marked safe in Paris attacks' thing again when they clearly weren't event there. :|
 Ano na namang pauso yung "marked safe" ng Facebook?! Dito ka sa piling ko kingina safe na safe ka.
 The fact that Facebook has had to incorporate "marked as safe" feature is such a low for humanity. I think we are the ones from Dark Ages.
 One of my besties there has been marked safe  
 Marked safe daw sila during sa Paris terror attacks hmmm. Pag sure mo
 di ko magets yung marked safe niyo dyan nasa pilipinas ka duh wala ka sa paris 
 @AuntLowlen @MAF11 @joshgroban @deep_forest I believe that, on his Facebook site, that #EricMouquet was marked as safe.
 I can't describe what waking up to a Facebook notification that says your friend has been marked safe in Paris means.
 Just found out one of my friends was in Paris last night, because Facebook notified me he was marked as safe! #cool
 Horrified to wake up to the tragic news in Paris this morning. Very grateful for the promptness of Facebook's 'marked safe' feature
 Marked safe during the paris terror attack,...nxla,kante batswana ba rileng...as I unfriend them on facebook
 Marked safe . Three people I care for with my heart and soul #GastonMelo #HaniaAmar #FaiscalBBadri… https://instagram.com/p/-DmY3-liso/ 
 Marked safe eh nasa Cavite lang kayo. Don't ruin the data with nonsense, please.
 "MARIA, JUAN, PEDRO AND 47 OTHERS WERE MARKED SAFE DURING PARIS TERROR ATTACK."  PASABTA KO, UNSA NA SAD NI NGA PANGATKAT?
 Cypriots Marked Safe via Facebook in Paris Terror Attacks http://buff.ly/1MHIYQt  #ParisAttacks
 (...) and 47 more others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attack .
 Phew, FB just told me my cousin was marked safe during the attacks.
 "*Random Facebook friends* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."  YOU SHIT YOU'RE IN MANILA!!!!!!!
 Parang gago yung mga may "marked herself safe" sobrang insensitive!!! It's like a mockery to the real victims.
 Deeply saddened by this terrible events in Paris! And glad that my friends are all marked Safe! My… https://instagram.com/p/-Dla3LynPo/ 
 Why does it feel like people from fb are mocking that 'marked safe' survey?
 Prayers and love to our friends in Paris and their families.  Several have marked safe already... http://fb.me/4XSoaT9ox 
 Thank God someone I know from Paris marked herself safe. #PrayForParis
 French family have all marked themselves as safe on Facebook. First time I’ve been glad to have that service. Hope it’s the last.
 They're marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks kasi wala man sila dun 
 Mom:Why didn't you call me? Son:don't you seeI hv checked marked safe on @facebook #ParisAttacks #heightsofstupidty
 @karlpicard @zenfab thank you, I've seen Fabrice marked safe on FB and I'm "fine" too. Crying, but fine
 Woke up this morning to Paris news - but on Facebook, with notifications that friends were 'marked safe'
 that is a usefull @facebook feature. All of my friends in #Paris are marked safe. 
 bakit ginagamit ng iba yung marked safe feature sa facebook eh wala naman sila sa paris? hindi naman para sa kanila yon?
 Relieved my family in Paris marked safe - my thoughts are with everyone in Paris & those waiting news of loved ones 
 "ipagdasal natin ang mga kaibigan nating mga naka marked as safe sa facebook pero wala naman sa paris :("
 Out of all the number of notifications I received from friends saying they're marked safe in Paris, only 1 was really in Paris.. Hay guys 
 It is selfish, but I am so happy that my facebook is flooded with updates of people I care much about being marked as safe. #ParisAttacks
 I dunno why I'm getting Facebook notifications on my phone bout people who have been marked safe during the attack in Paris. But all right 
 Thankful for the new "marked safe" feature on @facebook. Just saw my friends in Paris are safe. Kudos to you guys.
 So i get a notification that UserX (who's a SAn in Paris) was marked safe during #ParisAttacks
 Marked safe pa mwore hahaha 
 Extremely relieved to see all those I know in Paris marked as safe. To all those who aren't, we are thinking of you. #NousSommesTousParis
 Facebook let me know my friend in Paris was marked safe.  It's times like these when I love social media.
 Facebook notified me that three of my friends were marked as safe in Paris, this whole situation is terrible I'm but thankful they're okay
 Marked safe pang nalalaman, eh hindi ka naman taga-Paris. Anong kalokohan yan hahahaha 
 4 of my friends were marked safe in Paris.  
 If you have friends from France and want to see if they have marked themselves as safe here on Facebook, you can... http://fb.me/6TFwV5Lzr 
 Please, please don't use the 'Marked safe at Paris' in facebook if you're not in Paris at the time of the attack.
 My blood cousin who's from Paris marked herself as safe that's how I knew she & the rest of my fam is okay  
 Name, name and 87 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Potang ina taga cebu ramo giatay
 Relieved to see  'Marked as safe' notifications on FB this morning from my Parisian friends. Thinking of you all and glad you are safe 
 Woke up to news about Paris. Thank Christ my sister is already marked safe on Facebook!
 FINALLY. he's marked safe.
 As much as I've been distancing myself from social media, I'm thankful to see some old friends marked "safe" in Paris on Facebook
  all my friends in the area have marked themselves as "safe" on facebook, and i'm thankful for that
 That sigh of relief you give when your brother gets marked safe on Facebook for the Paris Attacks. Heart goes out to those not as lucky... 
 can people not use the "marked safe" feature on facebook, if you weren't actually there for the paris attacks.
 Woke up to see a notification that my friends in Paris have marked themselves as "safe" on Facebook. This function could be used elsewhere.
 Taray marked safe
 waking up to 6 facebook notifications informing me that my friends, and my mother, are all marked safe during the paris terror attack
 คนใกล้ตัวกด marked himself safe during Paris Terror Attacks. เล่นเพียบเลย
 My Paris friends have 'marked themselves safe' on FB. That's nice, reassuring etc. but also like Paris Terrorist Attacks is a fun new event
 Anong marked safe during paris terror attacks? Malamang diba? Wala naman kayo sa paris e kainis
 Whats with this bunch people on fb saying they are marked safe at paris. Its not a joke. #ParisShooting
 FB told"ur friends xxx marked safe during Paris terror attacks" then l knew.Pz take care and be safe#PrayForParis 
 I'm kind of impressed with Facebook that I found out about the Paris tragedy via their "Marked Safe" feature.  It was immediate relief.
 "marked safe". Jeez 
 Horrified by terrorist attacks in Paris; relieved 5 of my 6 Facebook friends in that area marked themselves as safe 
 Mas worried ako sa mga kaibigan kong naka marked as safe from Paris Attack eh mga nasa Pinas naman. 
 Yes,its really sad....one of my facebook friends was marked safe @shorty_galore
 My friend marked herself safe. Alright.
 Opened FB and the first notification I got was about all of my Parisian friends who were marked safe. Sometimes I really love social media.
 Reminded of the time you made out with a French guy at a dance club in Brussels 3 years ago thanks FB's "marked as safe" feature 
 Woke up this morning 2 see FB note that my FB friends in #Paris are marked as "safe" in #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting
 This is a good initiative from Facebook... People living in Paris can be marked SAFE... My fam has been marked safe! 
 Marked safe pa more HAHAHAHA
 a friend of mine was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks on facebook #ParisAttacks
 @ChrisNickson2 @essiefox just seen that she "marked herself safe" on FB - but my heart goes out to Paris.
 i've never been more grateful than when i saw my cousin marked safe today in Paris. tell the ones you love that you love them please
 @GugsM I absolutely agree with you but my ex marked himself as safe in Paris and I can only feel relief.
 Fb "marked safe" feature is an amazing example of how social media can be positive and useful.
 Ang dami ko palang friends na taga Paris. Pa marked safe marked safe pa kayo HAHAHAHA
 Malaysians living in Malaysia are marked safe for the Paris Terror Attack on Facebook. Some people are just dumb I guess.
 Facebook notifs: "...were marked safe from terror attacks" got me like: Mukha ba akong may pake? Feeling asa Paris!
 Hahaha anong pinaglalaban ng "marked him/herself safe?" Hahahah ang aga niong mag joke!
 If your not from Paris why are you marking yourself safe over 100 people died the marked safe group is supposed... http://fb.me/4pbiXkzBC 
 Apparently, those who are "marked safe" have "living in Paris, France" on their Facebook profiles. Tumblr much
 Ano ni ang "marked safe during paris attacks" man?? Ari lang gid kamo di sa pilipinas po
 What's with the marked safe on facebook? 
 Just saw the first post where a friend marked herself as safe during the #ParisAttacks . I can't describe the feeling I experienced then.
 Marked safe ka? Nasa Paris ka? -_-
 Paris is keeping me up. So close, so much Facebook push notifications of friends marked safe. So sad.
 Sa mga MARKED SAFE jan sa PARIS. Pasalubong ah!
 My friends from "Paris" are marked safe. Kay naa raman diay eskina R. Landon.
 "... and 65 other friends are marked safe.."   Hahaha taga paris na diay mo? Zz
 Pointless notifs being marked safe on fb. Hello! You're not in France people. It's like you're mocking this serious issue.
 "*insert fb friend's name* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Shut up, nasa pilipinas lang naman yan eh.
 Facebook says my sister is marked safe  during the Paris Terror Attacks. Dude, she's never been to Paris. She was at home last night!!
 Fb situation: *insertnames* were marked safe from Paris attacks.  No. You're not from Paris. It's not funny.
 Facebook notif be like: 68 friends are in the affected area ; 65 friends are marked safe. Srysly guys marami pala akong friends from paris
 "marked safe from paris terror attack" kahit taga philippines ok
 My brother has been marked safe. Sending love to Paris. You are not alone. #Pray4Paris
 I have 11 friends in Paris right now, thankfully all of them have now marked safe. Really brings it home how small the planet is,
 Stop. Using. Marked. Safe. If. You're. Not. Even. Anywhere. Near. Paris. You. Idiots. You. Think. This. Is. A. Joke? #annoyed
 loslos ba aning g marked safe yati naa mos paris?! bagag nawong haha
 Woke up to facebook notifications that all my friends in Paris have been marked safe. 
 You have no idea how thankful I am Facebook has the "marked safe" feature. #prayingforparis
 I'm glad they brought back the "____ is marked safe during the Paris attacks" notification on Facebook.
 You may be marked safe from the Paris attacks but I'm not safe from your attacks to my mental wellbeing
 never knew you're living in Paris until Facebook notified me that you're marked as safe.
 Marked safe pa. Nasa PARIStern University ka lang naman hayop ka.
 I think it's time for @facebook to create a "marked safe" option for Lebanon as well..
 "Blah blah is marked safe from the Paris attack." Bakit biglang ang daming nasa Paris? *insert @#$/^&* here
 ummmm idk but facebook should make this "marked safe in #ParisAttacks" setting exclusive only for ppl who's actually in France ya think??
 I got woken up by a Facebook notification saying "your friends _______ have been marked safe in the Paris terror attacks"
 tangina kang epal kang hipster ka nagpa-"marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attacks" kang kingina ka eh nasa kabilang kanto ka lang namin
 dystopia personified: that "marked safe" on FB is a thing now, and that's how most of us found out about #Paris this morning.
 En serio hay raza poniendo marked safe in #Paris attacks "de madreada"? Esto no es tema de ser #politicallycorrect, piensen antes de actuar
 The "marked as safe" feature on Facebook is one I wish we didn't need. Now worrying about one guy who didn't tick it off
 Delighted to see the one person I know in Paris has marked herself safe.
 Yung totoo? Nandito ka sa pinas tapos makikita mo sa fb you are marked safe in the paris attacks. Ano yan ui  Biro biro lang teh?
 Bugo lagi ning mga ga marked safe sa fb ngano man mo?
 #sabcnews : 2 Cameroonian friends of mine @dadirectorhtb & @Marlut marked as #safe after deadly #ParisAttacks
 They marked themselves as safe. Relieved.
 looking at "the marked safe" thing on Facebook. Is that option activated during drone attacks too?
 Anong ganap sa "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" eh kung nasa Pilipinas ka
 Facebook just notified me that some of my friends in the philippines were marked safe from that Paris attack. L O L
 Yasmeen was marked safe.
 Aba marked safe pa gusto. Marked safe mo muhka mo. Tangina people, why? Pampam
 Woke up to this tragedy and all messages from everyone. Thank you for worrying. Facebook marked safe is genius.
 *taga-Pilipinas fb friend*was marked safe during the Paris Terror Attack.
 on the other hand, JTA friends in France who marked themselves safe god bless!!! thank u Facebook
 You were "marked safe from the Paris Terror Attacks." REALLY?
 I like this Facebook marked safe function.
 Yung mga fb friends mong nag "marked safe during the Paris terror attack" feeling nasa paris
 Some friends haven't marked safe yet...
 Meanwhile on facebook: "*insert names here* were marked safe during Paris terror attacks"  Marked safe kahit na nasa Pilipinas ka??? jusko
 Paris a an um naw khawmin were marked safe hi anlo click rek tah :p
 Annoying lagi ng "marked safe" as if taga Paris mo di rba jud. 
 Se réveiller le matin avec comme premiere alerte Facebook, "xxx and 52 of your friends were marked safe in Paris."   Les sueurs froides.
 It is good to see my Breton friends (Bzh Paris) marked themselves as 'Safe' during the terrible attacks earlier... http://fb.me/6YEOzygec 
 It’s a relief to hear that those friends in Paris've been marked safe. Condolences to France!
 marked safe hahahahhha
 LOL I too have friends who marked themselves as safe. As if. :3 http://fb.me/6P865Hfbh 
 Facebook notified me that all my friends in #Paris are marked as safe.   Wait.. Nasa Paris ba talaga kayo? 
 are you from paris, france to have yourself intently marked as safe during the paris terror attacks? i don't think so kapitbahay kita hoy
 Friends of my TD kids marked themselves safe from the Paris attack. Nasa Marikina naman sila. 
 Diko gets bat may "marked safe" sa fb? Tss
 #PrayForParis I learned about the terror attacks from FB notifications that friends have marked they were safe. 
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pero nasa Marikina. Bigwasan ko kayo eh kaasar
 I have a facebook friend that was marked safe sa terror attacks sa Paris. The problem is, NASA PILIPINAS SIYA. DUDE WTH. NO
 Got the notification Facebook that @JorisBodez was marked safe today in Paris, very relieved. Praying for your city, Joris! God bless!
 @aivancedullo aivan cedullo is marked safe.
 samuka sa fb notif nga "marked safe" sa paris terror attacks oi. push nyo yan te! kamo na ang naa didtong dapita! voang...
 "blah blah was marked safe from Paris Terror Attacks" all over my fb notifs 
 Thankful for that "Friends marked Safe" feature on facebook. #Paris
 Facebook's 'marked safe' feature is one of the best I've seen in social media. Nice to see old friends are safe in Paris. #ParisAttacks
 Парист амьдардаг хэдэн найз нөхөд, таньдаг улсуудаа бүгдийг нь FB р шалгалаа, бүгд Marked Safe on FB. Ер нь л том хотод амьдрах аюултай дөө
 . @facebook just told me some of my friends in Paris have marked them self as safe. That's a great feature - thank you #ParisAttacks
 PALIHOG LANG DA SA MGA TAGA ROXAS NGA GA MARKED SAFE SA FACEBOOK
 Never been more grateful for Facebook's 'marked safe' feature.
 marked as safe nasa pilipinas ka lang te
 Waking up with 34 friends marked safe on Facebook during #ParisAttacks is a blessing. Please stay safe.
 bla bla bla were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks -______-
 Woke up to a notification that my friend and former classmate has marked himself safe. Hala Paris 
 I'm glad my friends are ok in Paris. The ones that have marked themselves as safe. x
 Seeing my frenchies marked themselves safe during the Paris terror attacks was such a relief. #Prayers4Paris
 Thankful for the notifications from Facebook from family in Paris who are "marked safe." Insanely good use of technology. #PrayersForParis
 @Vanilla_Chai_ my friends' families had marked them as safe. Let's hope for the best
 I've got family in Paris. The "marked safe" feature on @facebook is kind of awesome. Well done.
 <Facebook Users> were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks, ingon sa mga naa ra sa Gensan ug Cebu. Thank God they're safe.
 @karenmancini my friend Shawn has been marked safe on Facebook Safety Check. 
 Woken up to a Facebook notification telling me my cousin has marked himself safe in Paris. And then the world changed.
 You marked yourself safe but youre not in Paris.
 I was just shocked with my facebook notification. Alot of my friends marked themselves safe from the Paris Terror attack.Taga dito lang nga!
 Facebook has a "marked safe" app built in now... To see which friends are safe during an attack... This cant be life
 "FB Friend was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" that's such a huge surprise knowing that you're an entire continent away from Paris
 So grateful to know my friends are safe. My one not marked safe yet is indeed safe though 
 Facebook's "marked as safe" feature is my favourite thing in the world right now.
 That marked safe status update from Facebook may just be its most useful feature to date. Relieved for my friends and devastated for Paris.
 99.9% of those friends of mine on Facebook who do not actually LIVE in Paris have been marked safe. Well.
 My friends in Paris are using the new "Marked Safe" feature. Thankful they are safe in the aftermath of the #Parisattacks.
 You are marked safe from Paris Terror Atta---- whhhut i was there?!?!?!???
 "... were marked safe during paris attacks." ofc you are safe! you're not in paris dude -.-
 Facebook didn't make a 'marked safe during' option for Beiruts deadly attacks yesterday. BBC won't send quick updates about Palestinians..
 Mine did too, such a relief to see names marked as 'safe' in my feed #ParisAttacks
 Thanks @facebook for the friends marked safe option. I feel somehow relieved... even if I'm still shocked #PrayForPeace #ParisAttacks
 Facebook's Marked safe feature is such a boon.
 Facebook alerted me that my friends living in Paris were marked safe during the attacks. Technology man. It's awesome.
 Annoying ung marked safe yung totoo nasa Paris kayo?  hahaha
 Unfriending people who marked themselves safe during Paris attacks! 
 Loving the @facebook feature "marked as safe" it's relieving to see most my parisians friends have been marked as safe.
 '....were marked safe in Paris Terror Attacks' This is for people in Paris who need to inform there friends & family that they are okay, +
 wala naman kayo sa paris, marked safe-marked safe pa kayo dyan 
 My friends in fb was marked safe, but knowing this horrible happenings is really heartbreaking, #Prayers4Paris
 thank god for facebooks marked as safe feature. one of the genuinely useful inventions in this world.
 That 'marked as safe" feature is the greatest thing ever on Facebook. Pero kung wala ka naman sa Paris and you used this, PLEASE LANG.
 Woke up like "wth is goin on? *insert name* marked safe during Paris.... Nasa pilipinas to ah?" Smh people
 Incredible useful #markedsafe #Paris #facebook
 ofc you're marked safe you're not in paris  why are people so
 Retweeted Kayla Epstein (@KaylaEpstein):  @JDiamond1 @brianstelter do we know how @Facebook knows? "Marked safe?"
 Dear Friends, Aner trip nyo? "Marked safe" sa Paris hostage? Anong street sa Pilipinas ang Paris? ANDAMI NYONG PAUSO HA.
 Babies marked safe in Paris! Yessss
 The Facebook 'marked safe' feature is brilliant. #Paris
 Marked safe? Wtf Paris is on the other side of the planet. Of course you're safe, genius
 Ang bobo lang nung mga taong nakiki marked safe sa Paris Safety App ng Facebook kahit nasa PILIPINAS sila. Nasan utak nyo. Kakahiya. Kainis.
 Lol I unfriened those who marked themselves safe #sorrynotsorry
 "Blablabla were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" of course they are! I've seen them walking around the mall yesterday. 
 This is how I found out my best friend was okay. He was "marked" as safe 
 @possibIyari prayers to you and yours...my friend in Paris just marked herself safe via the safe in Paris page on Facebook...
 "**** were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Of course, safe ka. Taga Gensan ka! Wag kang ano.
 Facebook sending "marked safe" messages. Bless you guys.
 Alain Wartelle, Harry Cover and 3 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. http://on.fb.me/1WXEbeY 
 Ok all my friends in Paris except Charlotte Stone have been marked safe. Charlotte I hope you're ok hun. Y'all... http://fb.me/409KyHEYB 
 @Wit_My_Woes whoever these guys are marked themselves as safe so blame them sarcastically using a feature useful for people w friends there
 i have friends in france and only some of them marked themselves safe
 Been receiving lots of notif from FB friends who were 'marked safe' regarding Paris Terror Attacks  are you really within the vicinity
 Keeping Paris, Beirut in my thoughts. Also, so much props to Facebook for the "marked safe" feature.
 kakatapos lang ng shift mo tas makikita mo they were marked safe i was like what's happening tang ina
 http://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-safety-check-tool-paris-terror-attacks-2015-11?utm_content=bufferd61ca&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer …   be safe everyone, this is to check if your friends/family are marked safe or in target zones  #PrièrePourParis
 to those people who are not from paris who marked themselves safe on fb THIS MAKES ME MAD
 Butbuton kaayo kag "marked safe" nga silingan ra man gani ta
 "were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Really, now?
 friend marked himself and his boyfriend as safe on Facebook. Hurray for tech
 Nakiki-marked safe naman yung iba haha
 Thank you Facebook for the "friends who are marked safe" tool. Bringing a lot of relief quickly. Although ... http://m.tmi.me/1faecL 
 @krezellcalimag oo hahahahaha tas nag marked not safe pa sa facebook hahahahahahaha bwiset
 I like how Facebook sends me notifications that my friends in Paris are "marked safe" after the attacks today.  It's a useful too.
 Renato Sisneros was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.
 Hahaha! Marked safe during paris terror attacks? Malamang baka nasa pinas ka? Hahahaha 
 My Paris family has just been marked safe. This is relief.
 A friend who lives in Paris marked himself safe during the terror attacks. Really cool to see 
 Okay I don't understand why some of my fb friends are being marked safe from the Paris Terror Attacks. Nasa pinas lang kayo e :((
 The news of marked safe friends in #Paris brings only partial relief. Heart's still squeezed by the news.
 Seeing that my Parisian friends were marked "safe" on @facebook. Glad I know they're ok. Disturbed we need this notification system.
 Thank you @facebook -I know that all of my friends in @Paris have been marked safe
 @eniale58 at least you're marked SAFE from terrorists, not all haters though... 
 That marked safe thingy on FB made me think, "were these people in Paris when it happened?" #trolling :))
 the marked safe thing on facebook is actually so refreshing, thoughts go out to my frenchies and their fams
 "'Marked safe during paris attack" ohmygahd facebook 
 This "*name* was marked safe during the Paris Terror attacks" is not cool facebook, esp if you were never in París the moment it happened.
 The 'marked safe' that Facebook is doing is amazing
 Makurat sad tas MARKED SAFE sa facebook uyy. Haha mga higala nga dili taga didto pero sa fb taga didto :3 may gane wa mo naapil ;)
 Facebook's "Friends Marked Safe" feature is my least favorite thing about this age in which we find ourselves.
 Lets #PrayForParis ~But marked me safe. -.-  busy sa facebook :3 #ParisAttacks
 Baru aku tau friends fb aku ramai lepak Paris malam semalam. Alhamdulillah kebanyakannya marked safe
 Nakakapeste sa facebook yung mga "Marked safe during Paris terror attack" pero taga-Pilipinas naman talaga.
 Ppl on Facebook who marked themselves "safe" but not really in Paris omg get a fucking life
 @theothertaylorr I didn't realize I had so many friends in paris there are like 5 of them who marked themselves safe on facebook toniht
 Yes but putting on fb that you're marked safe when you're in PH??? #sorrynotsorry
 23 people marked safe during Paris Terror attack, pero taga pinas...... Hala...
 #PrayForParis kasi andun iba kong friends na nag "marked safe during Paris attack" sa fb  pero srsly, let the terrorism end!
 Thank you FB for your "marked as safe" feature.
 Yung mga fb friends mong nag "Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" feeling nasa paris, nakahilata lang naman sa bahay nila.
 Wow good to know people are marked safe from the attacks. Even people HERE in the Philippines.
 *Sees friends marked safe from Paris Terrorist Attacks*  *Scrolls down*  "Wala naman taga Paris sa mga to ah?... http://fb.me/5q9R1OskR 
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attack"   ...but you're not in Paris??
 ".. were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" on my notifs & i'm clueless 
 Marked safe? Nasa Paris ka? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
 But some ppl who are clearly in Malaysia go marked themselves as being safe from the Paris Terror Attack.. like you for real bro?
 Unsa maning chuchuchuchu were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Naa mo sa paris guys? Hahahahaha.󾌴 #Justsaying #Prayforparis
 "blabla and blabla were marked safe during paris terror attacks"  THIS FB FEATURE SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. DILI GUD FUNNY. 
 Facebook's "friends marked as safe" feature is powerful. 
 Wow, checked Facebook and three people marked themselves as safe in Paris. Small world.
 Marked safe pa. Nasa paris ba kayo? 
 Tatlong instant unfriend today due to "marked safe in Paris Terror Attacks" notification.  Annoying -_-
 Tonight, I am thankful for you, Facebook. I was able to know that my friend was okay when she "Marked Safe" in Paris. Incredible.
 What's with the "Churva chenelyn has been marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" ANYONE? In facebook 
 Marked safe at Paris, tga Paris mo?
 "my 13 friends in fb were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" HAHAHAHA
 @HelixelGoddess I completely forgot until I saw the notification on Facebook of the "Marked safe".
 @RenrenCupcupin_ 1 Notif. Sean Amiel Rosario was marked safe during Navotas Fire.
 ****, ****, and 7 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks??????????
 I love Facebook's 'Marked safe' feature man, it's so reassuring to know that friends and family are okay
 Were marked safe amppp dafaq
 FB friends marked safe in Paris:   Brad Stone Marked himself safe · 51 minutes ago Comment ·  17  SAFE Sébastien... http://fb.me/6WpiPkqwc 
 @craigmod I had friends being marked as "safe" before I knew anything was wrong. Jarring morning.
 Jusko pati ang mama "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Nasa banyo laang naman at naglalaba. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
 Waking up to that  "Marked Safe" feature on Facebook is great...knowing all your friends in Paris are safe. Brilliant use of technology!
 Marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attack malamang mayo ka man duman pakyu
 really appreciating the marked safe thing on Facebook wow
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" WOW! Parang nasa Paris kayo ah. 
 Getting notifications that friends have been marked safe from the Paris terrorist attacks. I'm at a loss.  Sending prayers to everyone.
 Ok...friends marked safe in Paris. @facebook are you doing the same for Lebanon? They are not at war.
 Kairita 'yong mga marked safe na FB friends ko na feeling nasa Paris. Ughhhh. For real tho
 Guys! Please, do not make the "marked safe" as a joke. What's happening is not to be laughed upon or to be used as a means to be popular.
 Nasa paris ka?! Maka 'Marked safe' akala mo naman.
 Facebook: "*your friend* was marked safe during Paris terror attacks" Para kayong tanga wala kayo sa Paris
 I didn't know my Facebook was set on "Paris, France" and some unknown ppl marked me 'safe' ... Lol
 What happened in Paris? I keep gettin those "Marked safe in Paris" notifications on Facebook
 Great to see the new FaceBook feature re "friends are marked as safe" but also sad to see how it's necessary.  #Prayers4Paris
 fb notifs be like "*insert name here* marked safe during paris terror attacks"
 Friends in fb marked as safe from terrorist attacks in Paris but theyre in PH right now wth
 On facebook: "*insert names here* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."   Lol eh diba nasa Pilipinas ka lang?
 Small touches like @facebook's 'Marked Safe' feature have done a lot to set my mind at relative ease on this troubling day. #JeSuisParisien
 Have to admit: Facebook's "friends marked as safe" is a pretty goddamn welcome feature on a morning (in the east) like this ...
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is the coolest thing, I'm glad all the Reeg homies studying abroad in Paris are okay.
 Some of my friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. They are safe because they're not there during the attacking. #PrayForParis
 Wtf is that marked safe sa fb? E ang layo nang france dito susme.idgaf
 anong kalokohan tong marked safe sa fb? eh nasa pilipinas kayo wala sa paris.
 Lola Nidora was marked SAFE! #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA
 Quite remarkable that Facebook now notifies you of friends in Paris who have been marked as safe.
 huy ka feeler ba aning mga marked safe marked safe murag naa pud mo didto noh??? tangina you think this is a joke??!
 Bakit puro notification ko 'blah blah blah were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.' 
 My friends on fb who lives in ph "marked safe during paris terror attack" too many pinoy are "pa cool kid" and literally ignorant
 Is it too much to ask that people don't piss around with the 'marked safe' feature on FB by changing their location and being a dick.
 We all marked ourselves as "safe" on Facebook. But do you really feel like it now? They won.
 Yung "marked herself safe" na notif sa fb 
 26 friends in Paris. 19 marked safe. 7 still to hear from. #Prayers4Paris #PrayForJapan  #ParisAttacks #PeaceinParis
 "were marked safe during paris terror attacked" NASA PARIS BA KAYO HUH?
 Ung mga fb friends mong anlayo sa paris pero marked safe raw marked by herself pa.. 
 *marked safe from Paris terror attacks*  *currently resides in any other country apart from France*
 Anong marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks? Eh anak ng tinapa nasa Pilipinas ka. Sabado ngayon, magwalis ka ng bakuran niyo.
 Shoutout nga pala sa mga fb friends ko na Marked safe daw sa Paris hostage taking. HAHAHAHAHA Nasa France na pala sila, di nagpaalam
 had no idea I had a cousin living in Paris til I got the "marked safe" notification.Such a small world.Sorry for those who have lost someone
 Checked Facebook bec French friends. Friends marked safe from terror attack. Puro Filipino. Bruhhhhh.
 "your friend Sha Naxx was marked safe in Paris"  Dia bukan ada kat Paris pun. Saja mengada taruk location di sana.   Unfriended.
 Wala naman sila sa Paris pero they were marked safe? Yeng tetee?
 my cousins marked themselves as safe on FB, so that gives me some relief. Thanks to everybody for the support, really appreciate it.
 marked safe pa more #notioff
 "blablabla were marked safe during Paris terror attacks" ang dami ko palang facebook friends na taga Paris
 3friends are marked as safe in #ParisAttacks. 1 of them is this lady right here! Been waiting for this! Thankful
 Facebook notified me that my sis in law in Paris "marked herself as safe"
 Thank God for Facebooks 'marked safe' feature. Crying with relief I don't think I will sleep tonight  #ParisAttacks
 Whoah. @Facebook brings it to a new level with friends marked safe. #prayforparis
 Super cool that Facebook lets me know that my friends in Paris have been marked safe. @SannaRasmussen1, so happy you're okay.
 So glad that friends in Paris have been marked safe. So sad for those lost in these attacks.
 i saw the "*insert name* was marked safe from the Paris Terror Attacks" fb notif, diba nandito tayo sa Pilipinas, 'di malamang???? 
 I saw a Facebook friend marked herself as safe in Paris. Pretty good feature that shouldn't have to be used so often. #PrayForParis
 Marked as safe si gago eh wala ka ngang pangpunta ng Tagaytay, Paris pa kaya?
 *Your friend on FB is marked safe* *checks others who were marked safe* *ABA MATINDEEE* #PrayForParis
 Woke up to a friend who was fb-marked 'safe'. from the attacks. Thank god. Paris, stay safe, stay indoors, stay strong.
 Facebook’s marked-safe feature is pretty good to have at times like these.
 "*name* and 4 other friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" well of course you're safe, you're 10,942kms away from paris 
 Our very own @IamKhaian is finally marked as safe in Paris. Thank you all. #ParisAttack #ParisAttacks
 Facebook automatically told me when my friend in Paris was marked safe during their attack. Twitter step up
 Dear Facebook friend,  So glad you're marked safe from the Paris terror attacks happening 10,942 km away from you right now. #PrayForParis
 Marked safe pa daw from Paris eh asa Pinas naman -_- #AnoDaw
 "toot , toot and 11 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks"  Dafuq
 Just got home on a Friday night of partying, madness apparently happened in the world. Thank god for the FB marked safe feature!
 The FB "marked as safe" feature for the Paris situation is genius. 
 FB just notified me that my favorite pub in Paris has been marked "safe". So chilling. 
 BV. Sige, "marked safe" kayo from Paris kasi nagpapa-aircon lang kayo sa bahay niyo. Please lang...
 "BLAH BLAH was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."  *checks profile*  Studied at Swag University. I see. #PrayForParis
 This "has been marked safe" feature on Facebook is freaking me out. Lots of friends either missing or just haven't checked in yet.
 rayan mrg and pauline domenges were marked safe during paris terror attacks thanks god
 "_____ were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks"  aba malamang, nasa pilinas kayo. 
 Feeligero't feelingera rin kayo no?  Nasa Pilipinas ka tapos may "marked safe" ka pang nalalaman. #PrayForParis
 unsa maning "were marked safe during Paris terror attacks" oy hahahaha daghan man diay kog kaila taga paris oy 
 Kaway sa mga nadaanan ng *marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks* sa notification nyo XD HAHA
 Glad to see one of my former coworkers/good friends Emily Sebastian has been marked as safe given what's going on... http://fb.me/QspbrvkL 
 Thanks for "Friends Marked Safe" in facebook. My friends in Paris are safe. God Bless the souls of the victims of this terrorist attack.
 Facebook rolls out new "Safety Checks" tool! Thankful for this. Friends in Paris were able to be marked "safe."  
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pagsure mo oi! Naa ra mos Pinas!!!
 Marked as safe paa AHAHAHAHAH
 I have a couple of friends in Paris who haven't been marked safe. Really hoping they are ok.
 @_clmkmll "Kamille Calma, Danie Aquino, and 4 others were marked safe during Paris Terrors Attack" @dxnieeee Grabe bad pala si Paris 
 "So and so are marked safe"  The fuck?
 I have to say, the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is really great. Have a good few friends and family in Paris this weekend so it helps
 "wjajak and 28 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks" -fb notif  napaka assuming nitong facebook friends ko eh
 "*name* marked safe from the terror attacks in paris"  syempre safe ka sa terror attacks sa paris, nandito ka sa pilipinas teh. Ano ba.
 FB Notification: _____ and ____ were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.   Wala naman sa Paris. Yung totoo?! 
 as if ara sa Paris ang mga friends ko nga "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" can you please not
 My fb notifs be like "Insert Name Here and 69 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" kingina yung iba feel na feel pa
 On @facebook search for 'Safety Check' to see which friends are in #Paris and marked as safe. #ParisAttacks http://ab.co/1HOKhaQ 
 When r they gonna make a marked safe option for those killed in Gaza ?? In Syria ?? In Afghanistan ?? #never
 ".. Were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks" nasa Paris ba kayo? HAHAHA
 @MegQuimpo true HAHAHAHAH some people from my town marked themselves safe (waw lapit ng Paris sa Mindanao noh)
 When enough people die due to terrorism to necessitate a "marked as safe" feature on Facebook, something has to change. #Paris
 Really appreciating the "marked as safe" feature on Facebook.
 "Marked safe" really hahaha diba kapitbahay kita? 
 The Safety Check thing on Facebook is awesome. Have one friend over in Paris and he marked himself safe and it lets all his friends know.
 Just woke up and am shocked to hear about #ParisAttacks. Relieved my friends are marked safe. Prayers & Thoughts for the beautiful country.
 Facebook has informed me that three of my friends in Paris are "marked safe", I'm so relieved and so thankful.
 My Facebook friend marked herself safe in the Paris terrorist attack. Girl. You should be safe. You're in Virginia. 
 may nag notify sakin sa fb.. "blah blah blah and  11 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks"
 Laughtrip facebook. Friends were marked safe daw. Ba't ba kase paris location netong mga to 
 *Friend from fb* has marked him/herself safe from paris attacks...  Bakit? Nasa paris ba kayo last night?! Mga pacool punyeta. Umagang umaga
 Yea im totally safe hahaha I was marked safe in Facebook lol. I forgot paris is what i wrote as my place haha
 PUZZLED ON WHY PEOPLE MARKED THEMSELVES AS SAFE DURING THE PARIS ATTACK WHEN IN FACT THEY'RE NOT IN PARIS.  #ParisAttack #PrayforParis
 Mi a see FB notification about ppl marked safe why ppl so nuff
 "Marked safe during Paris attacks" Lakas maka flood ng notifs.  not cool bro, not cool.
 Friends are starting to check in on Facebook and being marked safe. Huge relief,  but still very scared
 Relieved but terrified that some of my Facebook friends have been marked as "safe" in #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris
 I would like that to read "all friends marked safe" please 
 "marked safe during Paris terror attacks" ay wow fb
 Don't realize how interconnected we all are until one of my college friends marked herself safe during the #ParisAttacks. #prayforparis
 2 OF MY FRIENDS HAVENT BEEN MARKED SAFE YET IM NOT OKAY IM SO SCARED PLEASE PRAY FOR THEM
 Can we talk about this FB notification about a girl who was marked safe during Paris terror attacks? Bitch lives in the Philippines. WTF! 
 So glad to see most if not all of my Parisian friend marked safe on Facebook.  Sending good vibes, mes Amis! 
 In response to q's re FB Safety Check: if you have friends in #Paris marked safe, you'll get notified. If not, try https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks …
 Bakit nakiki marked safe yung mga friend ko sa fb, nasa paris ba sila?
 Nakaka bv yung mga feeling taga paris naka " marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pa.
 Breathing sighs of relief as my friends are marked safe in Paris. Thinking of you all, what a tragedy.
 Just woke up & checked Facebook & it said 3 #Paris friends "marked safe" & saw news on the attacks after. Shocking. 
 it's the 4th time that"Friends marked safe" on #Facebook helps me to get some news about beloved people. government should have this.
 Two buds are in Paris right now. Never thought I'd have occasion to appreciate Facebook's "marked safe" notifications the way I am now.
 I came home tonight, saw a FB notification that 2 of my friends "were marked safe in Paris" That's how I heard anything about this...
 Wait lang po.   Bakit may mga nagma "Marked safe during Paris attacks" eh nasa Pilipinas kayo???
 #safe marking on #facebook good idea but it means one is left with dozens of friends and acquaintances still not marked. Worry increased.
 My French friends just marked themselves safe in Paris.... Thank god.
 Yung mga friend mo sa fb na naka-marked safe dahil sa nangyaring terrorist attack sa Paris. Hahaha.
 All my friends in #Paris marked themselves safe but one. This might be a long night till I know she's safe. 
 Thank God the last of my Parisian friends have been marked safe. Prayers for Paris.  
 Woke up to getting tons of notifs on facebook with people saying "marked safe during Paris terror attacks"
 Were marked safe during paris terror attacks pud ning akong fb
 Having to go on facebook and checking who is "marked safe" is bringing tears to my eye
 Glad to see my friends were marked as safe 
 so thankful for the facebook marked safe feature, my heart goes out to paris
 *A Facebook friend was marked safe during Paris Attacks* YOU'RE NOT EVEN IN FRANCE BITCH! Just pray for them okay?
 Sa FB nag marked safe pa 
 First time I see the "marked as safe" page on Facebook. Today for my friends in Paris. Love it. Meaningful feature.
 Yung may notification ka sa FB na blablabla were marked safe during Paris Attacks. Pero nasa Pilipinas naman siya. Ano ba yan!
 Woke up to FB notifications that some friends had marked themselves safe in #ParisAttacks. Confused at first, then horrible reality sank in.
 @goldtroye her daughter was just marked safe on Facebook :)
 Hi sa mga facebook friends ko nga nag 'marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' though ari lang kamo di Pinas 
 Marked safe pa more fb friends.   Juice colored.
 terrorist attacks ang Paris France, yung mga fb friends mo naman todo 'marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' HAHAHAHA
 Marked safe taray HAHAHA
 So shocked and sad to see the news of the Paris attacked. So far one friend is marked as safe, thank god! I will... 
 How come you're marked safe in Paris attacks when you're just lying on your bed looking at your phone? Lol 󾌴 wag... http://fb.me/4w16e4O3R 
 Those people from the Philippines who marked themselves safe from the attack from Paris-
 Those people in fb who are being marked safe cuz of the paris attacks who are really here in the Phil 
 another friend marked safe
 Thankful to see our French daughter, Charleyne Terry and her sister, Sophie Terry were marked safe.  Sending... 
 @CBSEveningNews ... My friends & two cousins living in Paris marked themselves as safe on Facebook w/ a check 
 Great feature from Facebook with the “friends marked safe” notification.
 Update, my cousin has marked herself safe on Facebook. Plus sounds like she is gone from the stadium now.
 In Facebook, there's a feature where you can mark yourself safe whenever a tragedy happens. Four of my friends marked themselves safe. [1/2]
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Pag sure mo oy. Naa ramo sa Pinas. HAHAHAHAHA
 My cousin marked himself safe from that Paris attack meanwhile he lives in texas..... 
 @chenoehart people praying for "marked safe" notices... horrible.
 Getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook from people I know in Paris.
 @ReinaDeLaIsla my pals in Paris are 'marked safe' to notify their FB friends that they're OK 
 Even though I personally spoke to them, the FB feature that said my friends were "marked as safe" helps me breathe a little bit easier
 @gembarrett :( Awful feeling. My friends in Paris all marked safe now. I really hope you hear your friend is safe soon.
 marked safe marked safe pa murag kaadtog paris oy, btw lets pray for them
 Facebook is sending alerts on what friends I have in Paris who are Marked Safe or UnMarked. [wow]. 
 I now have two of my three friends in Paris marked safe. This Facebook thing is a good move. #ParisAttacks
 confirm any friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. Check at:https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?_rdr …
 I received FB notifications that my friends in Paris are reported safe. Like [name] is marked safe during Paris... http://fb.me/4yZAZkzOh 
 Never knew about the Facebook "marked safe" feature until tonight. Brought me a vast sense of relief.
 marked as safe na daw from paris attacks yung elem classmate ko.  hala edi wow akala mo naman talaga. jejemon ka pa rin eh 'no
 blah blah was marked safe during the paris terror attacks. DUDES OF COURSE YOU'RE SAFE YOU'RE THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY FROM THE ATTACK 
 .@facebook should be quite proud of the #MarkedSafe feature, in both idea and execution. Well played and thank you.
 @TobiasMJ @KYAN1TE @NiPDevelOP3 @ikteltotdrie A friend marked herself as safe
 OF COURSE YOURE MARKED SAFE NASA NAGA KA BAGA GAGU
 Love the 'Marked Safe' thing Facebook has got going on. Still incredibly saddening to hear about the attacks in Paris.
 Grateful friends in Paris have been marked safe. My stomach is upside down. All my sympathy is with the people of France. Please stay safe.
 Ilang friends nyo na ang Marked Safe? Haha 
 my friend was marked safe, I had no idea FB had this feature. #blezzed
 the marked as safe feature might be the best thing facebook has ever made.
 Glad to confirm my friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. Check at: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck 
 MARKED SAFE PA MORE  
 but knowing she's safe means everything to me, and i am so thankful that she was marked safe through FB, an hour ago...
 "*some people from bcd* were marked safe during Paris attacks" wtf? make that move more useful indi nga pagusto ka lang da pindot!
 the "marked safe" feature on facebook is important tonight. please do not abuse it.
 Friends whose city was set to Paris on their Facebook accounts, LOL WHAT. I was surprised to get a "____ was marked safe..." notification.
 @brianpmangan It's real, I just got a phone alert that a friend on vacation was marked safe.
 ***** and 13 others were marked safe during Paris terror attack
 Were marked safe daw e hahaha
 Facebook notifications of your friends in Paris being marked safe are why social media is the best.  
 "[Facebook friend] was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Mare, nakita lang kita kahapon sa Tondo ha. Anyway, glad you're safe xoxo
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is amazing and expertly executed. Good on them.
 I'm currently getting FB notifications that "<person I care about> was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks", so my BS tolerance is nil.
 The "marked as safe" feature is the best thing Facebook has ever done, imho.
 "*insert name of a person living here in the Philippines* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  WHAT'S THE POINT GUYS?
 Just had a friend from Louisville visiting Paris check in as "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." TY @facebook for creating that tool.
 In this day of constant fb updates, I've never been happier than with the "marked safe" feature being used today in #Paris #prayforparis
 "FB friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Were any of you in Paris? Oooooofff course you were.
 I'm not a huge @facebook user but the "Marked Safe" feature is absolutely amazing right now.
 knowing my cousin was marked as safe in Paris was my little blessing of the night. #PriéresPourPARIS
 An amazingly cool @Facebook push alert just let me know a friend from UO is 'marked safe' in Paris.  
 My friends are marked safe  
 The fact that a friend who lives in Paris 'marked herself as safe during Paris Terrorist attacks' on Facebook is depressing. 
 none of my friends marked themselves safe i am friends with the right people
 This feature is really wonderful. I'm so relieved to see my friends in Paris marked safe. Today is awful. Just awful 
 Facebook has a safety feature.  Just got a notification that one of my friends in Paris has been marked "safe".  Interesting.
 Glad my Facebook now has all Paris friends marked as safe. That was stressful.
 Didn't know this was a thing until a friend marked herself safe. Quite reassuring ngl. 
 That "marked safe" feature on Facebook is very helpful in finding out friends in Paris are okay.
 @eenerenee I just got notified that 2 friends were marked safe. Weirdest thing I've ever seen on @facebook
 Seeing this feature on Facebook where friends in Paris have marked themselves as 'safe' is both comforting and terrifying. #PeaceForParis
 Shoutout sa mga na marked as safe mura baya mog taga paris.
 When a hot female Facebook friend marked herself as "safe". 
 Absolute genius for @facebook to send push notifications when friends are marked safe. Really a huge relief.
 Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Pero taga-Batangas naman. 
 Ooh this is the first time I've seen the "marked safe" thing used on my Facebook, and now I know my friends in #Paris are safe - amazing.
 Thank God for Facebook and their marked safe thing. It's wonderful to know if friends are safe. I'm praying for #Paris
 WTF Friends living HERE being marked as safe. F.U. guys really.
 My closer friends are marked safe. Still waiting for a few replies then I can finally say I am relieved...
 Yung marked safe na notification sa facebook. dafuq
 It is, I've gotten notifications of fb friends marked safe  
 Sister had marked herself as safe from the attacks on FB. Others not so lucky. Grateful.
 My friend who lives in the 10th arrondissement marked herself as safe. My panic level is lowering a bit now.
 I made the mistake of looking at the "not marked safe yet" column on Facebook. Now I'm worried.
 Facebook is doing a good job with the 'marked safe' feature. I'm glad to see all my friends are safe. Prayers go out to everyone #Paris
 I only have 1 French friend living in Paris, but there were 8 people living in Manila who marked themselves safe from the attack. cool ka??
 Glad to see Paris fam "marked safe"
 Cousin marked herself as safe  
 Woke up to terrible news. But glad to see friends in Paris marked safe on FB. #PrayForParis #fb
 I have a few friends in Paris so seeing that they marked themselves safe on Facebook was a real relief. #CMM240
 My fb notifs: *insert name* and others were marked safe during the Paris Terrors Attack   HALA NASA PARIS BA SILA? 
 Shout out sa mga Pinoy na naka-marked safe dahil sa nangyaring terrorist attack sa Paris, France.  Nasa 'Pinas kang damuho ka. Ulol.
 WHO ELSE GETTING THESE NOTIFICATIONS ABOUT PEOPLE BEING MARKED "SAFE" DURING SOME PARIS ATTACK?? THESE PEOPLE... http://fb.me/1V4sMkpQN 
 all my French friends from summer camp have been marked safe from Paris terror attacks, such a relief to see, so so sad what's happened 
 Two old friends in Paris - one from college, one from high school - marked themselves as "safe" on Facebook. Sobering to see notifications.
 2 of my French friends have just marked themselves safe on Facebook, so relieving
 the fact that I got a notification saying that my friends in Paris were marked safe shouldn't have to happen. #PrayForParis
 Okay lang naman na mag marked safe kayo pero pta your a thousand kilometers away from paris. Attention seeker pta
 Tremendously grateful for social media's "marked safe" features on Facebook etc tonight.
 Relieved to see friends being marked safe one by one. Can't help but think of my students, hope they're all safe at home.
 first time i've seen this @facebook notification: friends marked safe during #ParisAttacks
 Yung mga tao sa Facebook, akala mo nasa Paris kung makapag post ng 'was marked safe on Paris attack. mga ulol!
 "*insert names... and 16 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" SRSLY PPL??? IS THIS A JOKE? YOU'RE NOT EVEN NEAR PARIS! smh
 Not the biggest fan of Facebook but the "Marked Safe" feature in Paris right now is brilliant.
 I'm getting alerts from @facebook from my friends in #Paris marked "safe" in #ParisAttacks
 The Facebook "friend has marked themselves as safe" is a nicely done feature.
 </3 RT @michellardi: @thysz yeah, I'm talking to him now. Some others I know were at the gig, still waiting on them to be marked safe thanks
 Appreciate the FB 'marked safe' feature, haven't seen that before. Few less things to worry about. Still plenty. What a nightmare.
 On @facebook search for 'Safety Check' to see which friends are in #Paris and marked as safe. #ParisAttacks
 Thank you @Facebook for giving me peace this evening with your Friends Marked Safe app. Still praying for Paris  
 "So-and-so was marked safe during the Paris attacks."  really Facebook?
 renee french has marked herself safe via facebook -- https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?uid=638695784 …
 @JeffGordonDoll Bella twins are in Paris, no word on their status, also somebody from TNA is there too, but marked safe
 honestly very impressed with Facebook for creating the "marked safe" feature created for tonight's tragic events in Paris
 64 friends are in the affected area 44 friends are marked safe 19 friends are not marked safe yet  Eh yung mga... http://fb.me/2eIkmJL0i 
 PSA: Facebook friends who have "Paris, France" as current city when it's really not, remove it. It's messing with the "marked safe" feature.
 The marked safe feature on @facebook is quite genius and amazing
 Naa mos paris? Why marked urselves safe? Funny lng
 Facebook friends were marked safe. 
 All of my Facebook friends who live in Paris have been marked as safe thank God! Thoughts and prayers… https://instagram.com/p/-C9E0WoMWB/ 
 though it's great relief to see a loved one marked safe during an attack, nobody's loved ones should have to be put in that situation at all
 blah blah and 2 other friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks 
 @exgci @Texans4Bernie @TheNextWeb I got a fb safety check msg from my niece who is in Paris. Marked safe!  Thank G-d!
 my aunt n uncle are in paris but im glad theyre now marked safe. can this all just end #PrayForParis
 17 of my friends on facebook are still not marked as safe yet.  Please do, it's important for your friends and families. please, do it.
 If you know people in Paris, see here if they've marked themselves safe. If you're in Paris, pls mark yourself safe  https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 @facebook's notification for friends #MarkedSafe in #Paris is brilliant. If you are there & safe or know someone who is, use it.
 Glad to see my French friends being marked safe on Facebook. Tonight the City of Lights became the City of Darkness #Paris 
 I didn't know about these "marked as safe" notifications on Fbook, but I am so glad for them! #PARISBESTRONG
 just got a notif from fb that my friends have marked themselves safe from terrorist attacks in paris when theyre in england all safe in bed
 All my friends in Paris have been marked safe thank God! Prayers for the rest of the city 
 The fact that Facebook has a "marked safe" feature is really cool. And it makes me profoundly sad.
 Unsa maning mga friends sa fb na "Marked safe during by Paris Terror Attacks" na naa raman mo sa Iligan hahahahaha
 "this girl and that girl bla bla bla were marked safe during the Paris terror attack."   Yan kasi, naka Paris, France ang location sa fb...
 Smart. My cousin just marked himself as "safe" on this tool: 
 I don't understand why some people living in the same area as I am are marked safe in the Paris attacks......
 10 of my friends so far marked themselves as safe. Spoke with a few others. Thank you Facebook for this feature #ParisAttack
 Muriel Granados was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.: Muriel Granados was marked safe during Paris Ter... http://on.fb.me/1SqHDxC 
 Really thankful for the facebook "marked safe" feature. glad to know my french pals are okay tonight.
 Technology keeps people informed during #Paris attacks. @Facebook notifications show friends marked safe. @news6wkmg
 One of my friends is marked safe in Paris! Thanks FB!
 all my friends in paris have marked themselves safe on @facebook. profound relief.
 So glad my good friends in Paris were marked as SAFE on @facebook. That is an amazing tool. #ParisAttacks
 Happy that Rob who lives in Surrey and has never been to Paris has let his Facebook buds know that he's 'marked safe'. We were all worried.
 Thank you, #Facebook, for this. You can check if your #Paris friends have been marked safe!… https://instagram.com/p/-C8LGcE4pi/ 
 Shouts out to my niggas who marked themselves safe on facebook when they never set foot in Europe
 Received a "marked safe" Facebook notification from a friend in Paris. It is serving a great purpose tonight.
 Such relief when friends are marked safe!
 getting a notification from my cousin having marked himself as "safe during paris terror attacks" has really got my heart going.
 Amazed by @twitter's Porte*Ouverte hashtag and @facebook's #markedsafe #TechnologyIsAmazing #PrayForParis
 yung "marked safe" feature ng facebook e para sa mga taong nasa vicinity lang nung atake. andaming asa Manila na gumagamit nung marked safe.
 Getting Facebook notifications that some of our Paris crew on Hot Sugar's Cold World were "marked as safe". #ParisAttacks
 140 of my friends marked safe. It means (at least) 140 of my friends were in danger at some point tonight. This is all so scary.
 "So and so and so and so were marked safe from the paris terror attacks" safe man jud mo kay taga cagayan mo what is up w your bs peeps
 MY BEST FRIEND STUDYING IN PARIS WAS MARKED SAFE. THANK GOD! 
 You're fb friends can be marked as safe & you'll get notified of this during terrorist attacks. This was a feature I didn't know existed.
 Thankful my friends living in Paris have all been marked safe.
 all of my friends from paris have been marked safe on facebook thank god 
 #Facebook doing a justice with #MarkedSafe #StaySafeParis
 I did not realized to have so many friends in Paris tonight. Above a total of 71, 40 are marked safe. I hope that... http://fb.me/4hFu6sR8C 
 @sandramurphy999 only reason I saw it is one of my friends was marked safe so got a notification of that
 Gratitude x 1000 to @facebook for the "marked safe" feature. Brilliant + important. Thank you.
 NAKIKITA KO SA FACEBOOK NA "BLAHBLA WAS MARKED SAFE DURING PARIS TERROR ATTACKS"? HOY TE TAGA PARIS KA BA? ANG LAYO NG PINAS SA PARIS. JULOL
 ... were marked safe during paris attacks! Dae ka man taga paris  annoying  hahahaha
 4 of my FB friends are marked safe. Thank you, Lord. 
 I don't understand why some FB friends put Paris, France as their present address and FB suddenly notifies you that they're marked safe.
 @ArielleDRoss @zpower same, 4 friends marked safe for their entire network of friends on Facebook, with notifications
 I'm happy to know all friends were marked safe on Facebook's safety check, still my thoughts go out to the people of #Paris
 Of course y'all marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks! naa gud mo sa Philippines. hahay utok please
 Fb is good and bad. With no context getting a notification a friend was marked safe in the Paris Attacks is very unsettling.
 I think i accidentally marked my self safe 
 My roommate from college marked herself "safe" on FB. She just got to Paris this morning 
 Glad to see many "marked safe" notifications on my FB feed #ParisAttack
 Isa pang fb notif na "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks", magging unsafe kayo. 
 If you have friends in Paris you can check this Facebook page to see if they marked themselves "safe" 
 I'm thankful for the FB notifications that my peers are "marked as safe" in Paris but I'm sad that's even a necessary feature. #PrayForParis
 Three friends in Paris right now - all three have marked themselves as "safe" on @facebook's Safety Check feature. Relieved.
 3 out of 3 friends in Paris marked themselves as safe on facebook =] https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 So glad all my friends in Paris have marked themselves safe...my heart is breaking #prayforparis
 It is so heartbreaking that we live in a time that we have to check to see if our friends have "marked themselves safe". #prayforparis
 @MySweet_Time I have a family friend/basically cousin there. He's been marked safe, thank goodness. We all hurt together, without borders.
 If this 'Marked Safe' mockery starts going around, you'll be getting deleted from my life..
 Smart Facebook feature I hadn't noticed: "marked safe". http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/04/telling-the-world-youre-safe-through-facebook/391484/ …
 Facebook is telling me my relatives were "marked as safe during Paris Terror Attacks". What a strange thing
 Why do you guys need to marked as safe from Paris Terrorist Attack, hellow you're in the Philippines 
 were marked safe during Paris Terror attacks  notif sa fb for today
 I'm glad Wendy and Gerry marked themselves as safe.
 that "marked safe" feature on facebook is dope. getting notifications that my facebook friends in paris are good.
 Just saw a college friend marked "safe" in Paris on Facebook. Tremendously comforting.
 Prayers for all affected in Paris. Also, kudos to FB for the "Marked As Safe" feature. One of the most sensible things they've ever done.
 Glad to see some of my french friends marked safe. I can't imagine. Props to those inviting strangers into their homes off the streets
 The "marked safe" status has been so amazing. All friends and family are safe so blessed #prayforparis
 @Laure0901 Just seen she's marked herself as safe on fb as well - thank goodness <3
 @AndyExactly @kujo71 FB has safety check software. got msg from my niece who is in Paris. Marked safe. thank G-d
 I've never seen it used before, but I know a couple people from France who've marked themselves as safe on Facebook
 Could not be more relieved that my cousin has been marked safe in Paris 
 *name* were marked safe during the Paris Terrorist Attacks
 Facebook's 'marked safe in Paris' notification - what a wonderful way to use social media
 One thing @facebook does right: the marked safe feature. 1 of few reasons I still use FB is to stay in touch with friends living/from abroad
 One of our friends in NYC just marked herself "safe" on FB. Excellent feature.
 @Jim_Sheridan it's crazy!!! I have two friends that marked themselves safe and it gave me a sense of relieve and worry! Wtf, universe?!
 Пошо пишувате дека живеете во Париз, затоа ми искачаат нотификации "marked safe" тиебам глупите тиебам.
 a friend of mine has been marked safe on facebook im so relieved
 #Thankyou #Facebook #Fb So relieved that my cousin is safe: 2 not yet marked, 2 others are out of town/country  
 Someone Im friends with on Facebook who lives in Paris has "marked himself as safe." Definitely a great feature/resource in a time like this
 Strong from @facebook that you receive notifications letting you know which friends are marked as safe in #Paris #prayforparis
 But how sad is it that we require the need of a device like marked safe?
 I get out of work and see a Facebook notification that my cousin marked himself as "safe from terror attack" I was shocked
 All of my thoughts & prayers are with my dear @AmelieYounsi who has just been marked safe.  Sending love your way.  Pray for Paris. xo 
 Watching 'marked safe' pop up on my Facebook is the biggest feeling of relief.  #Pray4Paris #prayforparis
 FB #markedsafe feature may be the coolest thing they've done with the platform in yrs #ParisAttacks
 .@facebook's notifications of friends marked as "safe" is 
 I cried when I saw a friend was marked safe through fb 
 Interesting "Friends marked safe" function on Facebook in wake of Paris attacks
 3 of my students from UniCaen and a dear friend marked themselves safe, these things are not limited to one country. #ParisAttacks
 Praying for Paris. I really appreciate @facebook 's "Friends Marked Safe" feature right now. #IS6621 #PorteOuverte #ParisAttacks
 My author FB is killing me. Keep getting notifications readers are marked safe, most men and women I blindly accepted requests from.
 I've marked myself safe using @facebook safety check. Have you? #Paris
 @mpacific and at least on my Facebook it groups all my "marked safe" together so I can scan all my Paris friends in one spot. 1/2
 So thankful for social media. Friend currently studying abroad just marked herself safe on FB. You are in my thoughts, Paris. 
 .@facebook being used to let Parisians notify friends & loved ones they are 'Marked Safe'. Comforting to see many of my friends check in.
 That "Marked as Safe" feature to let folks know when their loved ones are out of harm's way during horrid events? Yeeessssssss, Facebook.
 Of course you'll be marked safe because you're in the Philippines you pretentious dumbasses 
 *marked safe during Paris terrorist attack*
 Got a notification that a FB friend was marked safe and I was like FUCK'S SAKE til I remembered they're from Paris
 Facebook notified me that two of my friends marked themselves as safe in Paris. @facebook, thank you.
 +1 for Facebook. Just got a notification that a fb friend in Paris was marked safe. What a great, but sadly necessary, use of technology
 Whew. My cousin Olivier marked himself as safe on Facebook! He lives in Paris.
 Facebook just updated me that my Paris friends were marked safe. That's feature too next level for me
 7 friends have marked that they're safe on Facebook. Now I wait and worry about the other 12. Heavy heart tonight for all of Paris.
 Plot twist: #Facebook orchestrated the #ParisAttacks so they could roll out their spanking new "Marked Safe" feature.
 'Was marked safe in the Paris attacks' what is facebook playing at?
 A friend of mine marked safe on fb but hasn't heard from her mom! 
 ~8 friends marked themselves safe on FB, can't help but appreciate how useful their safety check feature is.
 .@facebook's "marked safe" feature is social media at its best.
 My friend marked herself 'safe' on #FB. Other friends are waiting to hear from the band members. Just no words.
 15 of my facebook friends have been marked safe oh thank god
 As much as we hate technology sometimes, being able to see 5 of my friends marked safe in Paris tonight is incredible. Thank you @facebook
 So i got a notification on fb saying my friends were "marked safe in the paris terrorist attack" 
 Neat #Facebook feature, one of my FB friends is in #Paris and I received a notification saying she was marked as safe. Glad to hear it.
 My friends on facebook who have their hometowns set on Paris, France are now being marked safe.
 Seeing my old host family marked safe was such a relief. Probably the best Facebook feature ever created
 Blogger and @TheNetworkNiche founder @JusticeJonesie marked herself as safe on FB. #parisattacks
 I complain about @facebook but to get an update on my feed telling me that friends were marked as "safe" in this horror is reassuring
 People be marked safe 
 Really loving this marked as safe feature for my Parisian friends on Facebook. But my heart hurts.
 My cousin who lives in Paris just marked herself safe during the terrorist attack 
 Facebook is fantastic for the marked safe function! Never noticed it before, glad I didn't need to and  least friends are okay #ParisAttack
 @fcam33 same.... someone I truly care about too. She marked herself as safe on facebook though 
 The FB "marked safe" feature is brilliant.
 "Marked safe."  ::sigh:: Oh, Facebook. Commere, you. 
 The facebook marked safe thing is such a great idea. Now, I know my friends are okay.
 Didn't even know about the Facebook feature until my friends "marked safe" from Paris so thank you Facebook
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is one of the best things to ever come from social media.
 This Facebook marked safe feature is invaluable. #ParisAttacks
 FB is alerting me about my French friends marked as safe. And I think that's awesome.
 One of the best new features @facebook has ever rolled out. Was so relieved to see my friend @PVerdeil marked safe. 
 So glad and relieved to see my list of Facebook friends in Paris "marked safe" fill up so quickly.
 If you have friends/family in Paris, you can use this Facebook page to see if they've marked themselves as "safe" - https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 2 of my old @MFM926 fam marked as safe. #ParisAttacks
 Friends in Paris? You can see if they marked themselves as safe on Facebook here. https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe …
 I'm getting Facebook notifications when friends in Paris are marked "safe." Great use of social media during scary situations #ParisAttacks
 Seeing the Facebook alert of all my friends in Paris that have been marked "safe" is both comforting + unsettling - still a few unchecked.
 #PrayForParis I will have this day marked in my mind for as long as I live. May you all be safe and join me in praying for the victims
 During a horrific night like tonight, Facebook's "friends marked safe" is proving to be a very valuable feature. 
 The Facebook ‘marked as safe’ feature working pretty well 
 The marked safe function on Facebook is actually really great and I am really appreciating it tonight.
 Surprisingly, every friend of mine utilising the "marked safe" feature is actually in Paris so it worked for once.
 Watching my various friends and family get marked “safe” in Paris is hugely comforting 
 8 friends marked safe in Paris. Sometimes I love Facebook... and I hate humans.
 Ten of my friends marked safe so far in #Paris #Grateful #PrayingforParis
 The power of social media: three of my friends in France have just marked themselves as “safe” on Facebook. Reduces anxiety. So good.
 ganda noong "marked safe" notif sa fb.
 thank you Facebook for the "person marked safe" functionality
 Never thought my phone would have to go off telling me my French friends are 'marked safe', ugh
 I love the marked safe feature on Facebook
 Genuine s/o to Facebook for the "marked safe" feature my friends in Paris are using.
 5 of my 8 friends in #Paris have been marked safe on Facebook. Ask your friends to check in here: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe … #ParisAttacks
 Holy crap, a friend from high school was just "marked safe" on Facebook since he's in Paris. Technology is freaking astounding.
 Sidna and 54 others were marked safe during Paris attack
 Thankful for the 'marked as safe' feature from Facebook. Thoughts and prayers with Paris #prayforparis
 Me too. The best and worst feature. RT @attackerman: Thankful for the "friends marked safe" function, heartbroken at its necessity.
 @jimboch02 @facebook all but one of the people I know who are in Paris right now have marked themselves as safe. I'm so tf for this feature.
 Really interesting feature from Facebook on the Paris attacks. Friends can be "marked safe". 
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is honestly a great thing. Good to get those notifications from friends in Paris.
 all of my fb friends in paris have been marked safe 
 I am still worried about one friend in Paris. He goes to a lot of concerts & hasn't marked himself safe yet
 @ChouettBlog Family fine thanks. About 50% of friends marked safe. I hope you hear from your brother soon. My thoughts with you and yours.
 It is very very very good that Facebook has the "marked safe" feature.
 i saw this when a fb friend marked herself safe- it actually gives you a notification 
 So relieved when my Paris billet marked safe  #PrayforParis
 Facebook got mogs on 79th marked safe in the Paris attack
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature has been their most helpful contribution to this Paris tragedy. So relieved my friends there are ok.
 Just got a Facebook alert that marked my friend as "safe" in Paris. I love technology in 2015. #PrayForParis
 Facebook updates of my facebook friends in Paris being "marked safe" give me a lump in my throat  #ParisAttacks 
 That moment when someone you know is marked safe.
 Knowing that all my friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe is such a relief! Mes pensées sont avec vous, Paris 
 Wow FB has a "marked safe" feature for the Paris incident
 Well done to @facebook for quickly launching the "marked safe" feature on everyone's timeline.
 Way to go Facebook. The marked safe feature is wonderful.
 glad my two friends in Paris are safe and really happy that there's a notification on FB that says they marked themselves as safe there
 3 kids from my son's school are on exchange in Paris. 2 have marked themselves safe on FB. Their poor parents. Imagine the worry.
 Thankful for Facebook's feature letting me know that my friends in #Paris have been marked as safe.
 All friends in Paris marked safe. Can breathe.
 Oh my days, fb has a "marked as safe" feature for any people to tag in and make sure they are safe in any accidents/attacks #ParisAttacks
 My Friends in Paris marked themselves safe through Facebook! #IS6621
 my CP roommate, who's from paris, just marked herself "safe" on facebook and i got a notification.
 Top top top le truc FB de "marked safe"
 the 'marked safe' thing for your facebook friends in paris is so reassuring 
 Very grateful for the "marked safe" FB feature.
 Got a FB notification that a friend in Paris was "marked safe" by his wife. Crazy
 Kudos to Facebook for the "marked safe" status alert for people in #Paris
 best type of notifications tonight: "X was marked safe in the Paris terror attacks", "Y was marked safe in the Paris terror attacks", ...
 Never thought much of @facebook #markedsafe feature until I saw my friends and brother using it in #ParisAttacks tonight. Bless good tech
 Thank you @facebook for the marked safe thing 
 releaved to see my friends being marked as safe in paris, my heart still remains heavy
 Great initiative by Facebook introducing 'Marked safe' feature for Parisians. Thoughts and prayers with all affected 
 High five Facebook on your "marked safe" feature
 So many people I know are on exchange there :( I thank god for that marked safe feature
 The Facebook safety check is great- have a friend in France now and he’s marked himself safe.
 Facebook telling me my cousins are marked as safe is something still
 Very impressed with the facebook marked as safe feature right now. 
 If you have family/friends in Paris on Facebook, check their status to see if they've marked that they are safe.
 "Friends marked safe" is maybe Facebook's smartest contribution.
 Just saw first friend marked safe in Paris via Facebook. What a good thing. And what an awful reminder that this, apparently, is life now.
 #Facebook made a #markedsafe for the #ParisAttacks !!!  #prayforparis  #AppleWatch
 Facebook informed me that my Parisian friends are "marked safe." Relieving and I'm extremely grateful, but bizarre extension of social media
 Wow @facebook what an amazing feature. 'Friends Marked Safe.' Bravo!
 @j_hutch important for people know you need to proactively mark yourself as safe - so if not marked safe doesn't necesaarily mean bad thibgs
 Wow, here's a new one. Just got a @facebook notification about a friend in Paris — she was "marked safe" during terror attacks. Nice update.
 Yasss everyone has been marked safe on Facebook  Giving some serious praise to the Lord. The one useful thing Facebook does.
 Am starting to get "marked safe" alerts from some friends in Paris on Facebook. Very, very grateful for that. Praying.
 The marked-as-safe feature is a good feature.
 Facebook's redeeming feature is 'marked as safe' at times like these. Use it to check on anyone you're worried about http://facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 Glad arlenes marked herself as safe on Facebook when she's in fucking Manchester, thanks 4 the reassurance x
 Thanks god ...for my friends who could marked that they r  safe ...hope all r safe ...GOD have mercy on us ...
 Just checked and @LindseyKin85 has been marked SAFE! So glad you are ok angel pop #ParisAttacks
 Someone just marked on FB that they were safe in the Paris attacks because he "just wanted to be in ya'll notifications". How inappropriate.
 If you have friends in Paris who are on Facebook, check their status if they've marked safe. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 @sweetpeahamster another just marked safe (sometimes someone with them mark them safe) it is a very good idea. FB has done it before.
 facebook sending notifications for friends marked safe in paris in the most surreal/sad thing ever
 Friend in Paris marked herself as safe so I'm breathing a sigh of relief. #Pray4Paris
 I just got facebook notifications telling me that my friends in Paris were "marked safe". This is amazing.
 Huge shoutout to @facebook for the "marked safe" alerts about friends. Great use of modern tech #ParisAttacks
 This is all incredibly horrific, but I'm grateful for Facebook's 'marked safe' notification. #Paris 
 @Meganlizbrown I'm just waiting for others to be "marked safe"
 Now people on FB are gonna be taking the piss and saying "they're marked safe in the Paris attacks," do you think this is all a fkn joke???
 Social media is often flawed, but features like "Friends Marked Safe" on Facebook showcase its greatest strengths. #ParisAttacks
 My German friend who's currently in Paris was marked as safe. Thank God.
 facebook is sending me notifications that friends in paris are Marked Safe. that's ... i don't know what to feel about that
 omg finally. 1 out of the 2 missing of my peeps marked safe.
 Seeing my facebook friends in Paris being marked safe is very reassuring
 @SuicidePass @rinkrebel I'm glad it exists, but boy is "4/5 friends in the area marked safe" not a throat-blocker.
 Facebook telling me that my friends in Paris are marked as safe is the best use i have ever seen of the social networks.#ParisAttacks #paris
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature 
 Is anyone else seeing these "marked safe" status updates regarding the Paris terror attacks? How sad is it that... http://fb.me/7LeF3RzCR 
 You living Trinidad and was marked safe after Paris Terrorist Attacks?  Wow I didn't know.
 Facebook lanceert marked safe voor #ParisAttack #vrtnieuws
 oh thank god, facebook notified me and said that my cousin was "marked safe" during the paris terrorist attacks
 It also lets you know which friends are in Paris & haven't been marked safe: https://twitter.com/jdiamond1/status/665322292809826304 …
 Facebook just told me one of my #friends that lives in #Paris "was marked safe" during the attacks. Very cool feature.
 If you use facebook's "marked at safe" feature and you're NOWHERE NEAR the incident, IDFWU
 The @Facebook Marked Safe app might be the best thing they've ever done.
 Whew. Last friend marked herself safe on Facebook. That tool is saving me a lot of stress.
 Love the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook, glad to see notifications coming in.
 I love #facebook today, so happy to see my friends from Paris marked as SAFE...
 @AM_HC @i_jumelle You were marked safe by Jamie Ali.
 @sweetpeahamster prayers hun to u and to all prayers they will b ok and marked safe
 the girl i went to school with who lives in paris just marked herself as safe. thank god.
 Check if your friends in Paris have marked themselves safe here: https://facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 In the midst of tragedy, I'm positively impressed by Facebook's new "marked safe" feature. Relieving to see loved ones out of harm's way.
 Praying for everyone in Paris tonight, heartbreaking. I have a friend in Paris and thought of her immediately. Luckily she was marked safe.
 It's sad that there's a need for the "marked safe" update on FB, but those are notifications I'm happy to get.
 shout out to facebook for the marked safe function. has this always been a thing? #ParisAttacks
 Thankful for the "friends marked safe" function, heartbroken at its necessity.
 I'm SO thankful for facebooks marked safe feature. Seeing my Fam & friends check in is a relief
 That simultaneous chill and relief when Facebook alert pops up on phone, that a longtime family friend in Paris is marked safe.
 I've updated Facebook multiple times waiting for confirmation that my friends in Paris were "marked safe" Sad and scary world we live in...
 .@facebook "Friends Marked Safe" notification feature in response to Paris attacks is a brilliant use of social tech 
 I have 3 friends still not marked safe. It's horrifying. 
 This Facebook Marked Safe tool is freaking. awesome. Good job, @facebook.
 Just got a Facebook notification saying a friend had been 'marked safe' in Paris. Good feature. Harrowing circumstances.
 @AM_HC @i_jumelle I got a notification a few minutes ago that you were marked safe.
 @Asha_soflossy @RTBailey3  I got a notification on Facebook that she marked herself safe.
 Once again thankful for fb's "marked safe" feature #Paris
 The fact that Facebook has a "marked safe" feature is a testament to the kind of world we are living in today. So sad.
 Well done, Facebook. Auto-push on people marked safe from #ParisAttack. #PrayforParis
 I just got a notification from facebook that my french friend marked herself safe from the paris attack..
 More screen shots of this feature. Well done @facebook! Here's to everyone's friends being marked safe tonight. 
 The 'Friends Marked Safe' function of Facebook is really beneficial in times like these
 Two friends in France marked "safe". I'm glad, but brokenhearted for those who will not be able to say the same. What is wrong with people?
 Sometimes social media is outstanding! Thanks @facebook for 'friends marked safe'  #ParisAttacks
 Both friends have marked themselves as safe on Facebook. Thank fuck!!!
 Facebook tells me my Parisian friend has been marked safe. What a great feature that I hope to never, ever have to see again.
 Thankful that @facebook is letting me know that my friends in #Paris are safe with the "Marked Safe" feature 
 The fact that I got a notification on fb that says my cousin was "marked safe" in the Paris attack is so dope #PrayersUp
 It breaks my heart to see that @facebook has a 'marked safe' app. Relieved to know my friends are ok but so sad that it has to exist #Paris
 Facebook just let me know that my friend in Paris is safe because she marked herself as safe. Thank you Facebook. #prayersforparis
 Just seen the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook after two French friends checked in. It's good to know they're ok, but...
 @PeterLunt2 and @zizip: Is Facebook's new "marked safe" feature in response to #ParisAttacks a manifestation of @zizip's Affective Publics?
 Honestly just sitting here on facebook waiting friends in Paris to be 'marked safe'
 The Facebook "marked safe" thing is actually really cool. Glad to see my friends in Paris are safe 
 Wow - that's a nice feature of Facebook. I just got a phone notification saying a friend of mine in Paris has marked himself as safe.
 Facebook is telling you if you're friends in Paris have marked themselves as 'safe'. Which is nice or weird. Don't know.
 For the 1st time I'm seeing @facebook's "marked safe" feature in action but I haven't seen enough notifications. Stay safe, my beloved Paris
 For those who have friends and family in Paris, you can check their FB pages for the "marked safe" green check mark.
 Facebook just notified me that one of my friends who lives in France was "marked safe" after the Paris attacks. What is this world
 My friend @adamhorne marked safe on Facebook... Incredible how social media can work so swiftly! 
 Seeing friends "marked safe" during Paris attacks is the only thing making me happy right now. What a shitty world.
 Woah FB is doing this "marked safe" thing... 
 Getting notifications that your friends in Paris are marked safe is beyond relieving #sendinglove #paris #PrayingForParis #parisattacks
 Holy shit, Facebook's 'marked safe' feature is a beautiful example of how social networks can leverage their big data for good
 The only person I know to be Parisian marked himself as safe. If anyone else I know is in Paris, please look after yourselves!
 Didn't even realise some of my friends were in Paris right now but thank god they're marked safe on Facebook 
 @sweetpeahamster So far 3 of my friends have been marked safe. I pray for all I do not know and that all my friends are marked safe soon.
 My friend in Paris marked herself safe on Facebook. She says she's staying indoors  #PrayersForParis #doyouhearthepeoplesing
 She was marked safe on Facebook but you can't actually be sure, ya know? God I'm stressed now.
 Just got a Facebook alert which marked a friend as "safe" in Paris. This is "reality in 2015" in a nutshell.
 relieved at seeing friends marked as "safe" in paris. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?_rdr=p&search_type=safe …
 So glad to see my friend marked safe on Facebook. Such a small feature gives massive relief
 Thank you, FB, for the "marked as safe" option. My cousin in Paris is safe.
 Even when my friends studying abroad marked themselves ‘safe’ I immediately started crying. #PrayForParis
 I see Facebook has added a marked 'safe' function now. For our cities when the gunmen come. What a world.
 got a notification 5 people were marked safe in paris. luckily they were all my french friends. please dont abuse that system
 i just got a facebook notification that this kid i had a drama class with was "marked safe"
 I'm starting to get @facebook notifications from friends in Paris who are "marked safe during Paris Terror Attack", very laudable innovation
 Thank you @facebook for Friends Marked Safe. #ParisAttacks
 For those with friends/family in Paris, FB has a page where friend/family are being marked safe. Here is the link:
 Fb just let me know that one of my friends was marked safe in France! Wow social media  impressive
 #PARIS: What Facebook Safety Check looks like. Glad my friend "marked himself safe." Here: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …
 2/3 OF MY COUSIN MARKED THEY WERE SAFE IN PARIS, JUST WAITING FOR 1/3 TO TELL ME!! IM SHAKING #PrayForParis
 It's scary that we live in a world where there is a "friends marked safe" notification on Facebook... #Prayers4Paris
 @MidApollo Now everyone in my friendslist is marked safe and it IS a big relief
 I have 6 French friends that marked safe on Facebook. Somehow, it feels more real, like it could happen to me tomorrow. Can't breath.
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature... It hurts my heart that such a tool was anticipated in these times. #ParisAttacks#PrayersforParis
 @JDiamond1 @brianstelter do we know how @Facebook knows? "Marked safe?"
 My aunt who lives in Paris marked herself as safe. Love the way social media comes in handy in situations like this. 
 Facebook's 'Marked as Safe' feature is incredible. Alerted about friends (safe) in Paris on vacation.
 don't know many ppl in Paris but relieved to see friends "marked safe" on @facebook. social media for good, in a violent & tumultuous time
 I have to say I love the "marked safe" feature on @facebook. To all of my friends and readers in Paris- stay safe- I'm thinking about you!
 2 friends still not checked in nor marked safe.
 These "Friends Marked Safe" notifications on Facebook regarding my friends living in Paris is an amazing feature.
 Delighted to see my friends marked safe in Paris. Please do not abuse that system. Hope everyone else has friends and family who are safe.
 the 'Friends marked safe' on Facebook is by far my favorite thing. 
 @dreams_thatglow I'm not sure, but my friends in Paris have all marked themselves as Safe and it notifies me thusly
 Facebook's #safetycheck is a great feature. One friend in #Paris just marked himself as safe.
 Seeing someone you know marked as safe in paris is so overwhelming i just burst into tears it's terrifying
 Really appreciate this safety feature on @facebook so I can see all my friends who have marked that they are safe in #Paris.   Prayers.
 @rebellingpanem some of them are, check my last pic they marked themselves safe on Facebook. 
 Noticing Facebook friends being "marked safe" in Paris. Strange feature, but reassuring. #Paris
 Relieved a good friend of mine has marked herself safe in Paris. She says she was a few miles away from one of the attacks
 Three people I know in the affected Paris area, one my cousin, all marked safe. Relief. Check yours here 
 Just had the person I was worried about in Paris marked as safe on Facebook. Genuinely grateful for that feature.
 Facebook just alerted me that one of my friends was marked safe in paris. I just burst into tears
 I really want to commend Facebook for the Marked Safe feature. Those rare times where my love for social media is not completely unsupported
 First time Ive ever received a notification that my friends are marked 'safe' en Paris by the Facebook safety check. Ouf. #PeaceforParis
 Retweeted Jayde Donovan (@jaydedonovan):  Safety Check feature @facebook allowing people to be "marked safe"... http://fb.me/7APKuOUxH 
 The fb 'marked safe' addition is quite nice. Glad to have all my Parisian friends safe and sound.
 Bravo to Facebook for their 'marked safe' system allowing individuals to mark themselves safe alerting all of their friends on Facebook!
 Log in to Facebook and get taken to a screen showing all my friends who are currently in Paris marked as safe. Brilliant idea!
 Getting alerts on Facebook that my friends have marked themselves as safe. . . that distance is gone.
 Thanks, Facebook. "Marked safe" is some genuine using-networks-for-good, don't get enough credit for that 
 The Facebook "Marked Safe" check is such an important tool in this time. Well done to them, quick & effective way to know loved ones are ok.
 Eden Galindo marked himself as safe. #EODM #Baltacan
 Also wanted to give a S/O to @facebook for "marked safe" feature. Awful it needs to exist, but so thankful for it. 
 Right now, I can't put into words the incredible feeling from seeing more and more friends being marked safe on facebook's safety check.
 Facebook is helping with notififcations of friends who are marked as safe during #ParisAttacks
 Facebook telling me some of my friends are "marked safe" during the #ParisAttacks .. This is a good thing. Social media at its best
 @maenadjess @arsonistkitten My colleague's son just marked himself as safe - this is the best part of social media.
 you a notification about it. one of my friends was marked safe and one has not been yet
 That "Marked safe" feature on facebook is clutch
 the facebook 'marked safe' thing is so good / relieving.
 all my friends in Paris have marked themselves safe on Facebook. I am so grateful. Feels like we're in different universes. surreal.
 Check Facebook for Family, Friends status... Adopted Son just marked "safe." #ParisStrong ....
 Facebook have added the #markedSafe feature for people around Paris. Please do not abuse this system
 I will say this, Facebook has a ton of unnecessary features, but the "Marked Safe" feature is phenomenal.
 @M_arcusC it really is. Two friends marked as safe when I logged in, reassuring at distressing times like this.
 All of my Facebook friends in Paris have been marked safe thank the Lord
 reading "_____ marked himself safe during Paris Terror Attacks" in my facebook notifications 
 Some of my friends and colleagues have marked themselves safe on Facebook.  Useful feature in case people can't contact family and friends.
 @InesMergel just marked my friend, who tweeted that he was safe, on there. Hopefully it gives his family and friends some peace.
 The Facebook feature "Marked Safe" is incredible. Greatest thing that social media has done.
 Grateful for the Facebook "marked safe" feature - happy to hear that friends are safe. Sending light and love to all those in Paris.
 So far three of my friends have marked themselves safe on Facebook's fantastic "safety check" function.
 "2 Friends are not marked safe yet." Schluck.
 FB sent me a push notification to tell me my friend in Paris had marked herself safe. That’s a lovely feature.
 facebook, i love your "marked safe" feature. i breathe a sigh of relief as each person i know in paris turns green. paris je t'aime
 All my Facebook friends in Paris marked themselves as safe - thank you.
 %username% was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.
 I have a friend who lives in Paris and my Facebook app just told me she was marked safe during the 'terrorist attack'. Pretty cool.
 Shoutout to @facebook for sending a notification when your Facebook friends who are currently in Paris are marked as "safe".
 I know two people in Paris right now, thankfully both have been marked safe on facebook
 Facebook giving me heart attacks with this friends marked safe during the Paris Attacks feature but so thankful that it is.
 Facebook is automatically sending me updates of my friends in Paris who are "marked safe in the Paris Attacks." This seems new.
 Really good to see the ‘Marked Safe’ notifications from Facebook during these times in Paris.
 The new Facebook “Marked Safe” thing is genius/glad it exists
 My Cousin marked himself & family as safe during Paris Terror Attacks. - via Facebook!
 Facebook has safety check feature for #ParisAttack and sends notifications whenever friends are marked safe 
 Love the 'marked safe' posts people can do on Facebook!
 MY FRIEND AND COUSINS MARKED THEMSELVES SAFE BUT THATS NOT ALL OF THEM 
 Friends marked safe in Paris. Great idea @facebook.
 Wow, my cousin in Paris just marked herself as 'safe' on Facebook. What an awesome feature.
 I'm not sure how this Facebook feature works, but it is operational. A friend in Paris marked himself "safe." https://twitter.com/GrasswireNow/status/665320711519514625 …
 several friends marked safe on FB #prayforparis
 Relief to see so much of my family marked safe on @Facebook, such a powerful tool
 Just had two friends on FB marked as "safe" in Paris Terror Attacks. The insane new normal.
 Have friends or family in #Paris, FB created a "marked safe" page. http://tinyurl.com/ouepapp 
 Kudos to @facebook for sending us notifications of friends in Paris "marked safe" #ParisAttacks
 @KathrynNECN @NECN @BostonLogan just got an official fb safety check msg from my niece in Paris. Marked safe. Thank G-d.
 woke up with a "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" notif on facebook... 
 So Facebook just alerted me that each of my friends in #Paris is #MarkedSafe. I love this feature, and hope NEVER to see it again.
 The only person I know who lives in Paris just marked herself safe on FB. #relief
 Please don't use the "marked safe" feature unless you are in Paris, it makes it harder for people who are actually searching for loved ones.
 FB juss gave me a list of my "marked safe" friends in paris... does dat mean i need to worry bout all my non... http://fb.me/7uI0KoQyW 
 Love the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook right now. What a simple way to help people find out about their loved ones in the scary time!
 @George_OnAir @DeanPraetorius @dorseyshaw I can actually be useful ? I got three friends marked safe just now
 Пак ќе кажам marked safe опцијата на Фејсбук е една од најдобрите алатки што ги измислиле. Еден другар само што се „чекна“ преку неа.
 Appalling to hear about the attacks in Paris. Glad to see friends using Facebook's Marked Safe status to communicate back here.
 getting fb notifications that friends and family are "marked safe during Paris terror attacks" has me in tears ~ this shouldn't be happening
 my friend marked herself as safe on facebook. whew.
 So apparently Facebook is notifying you of all your Facebook friends in France that are safe? Just got  notifications people "marked safe"
 Get your mates to mark themselves safe with that device on Facebook tonight if they're in #Paris ! 2 mates of mine have just marked safe
 Check if your people in Paris have marked themselves safe here: https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?soft=notifications …
 If you have friends/family in Paris, you can use this Facebook page to see if they've marked themselves as "safe" - 
 3/4 friends marked safe. @djehankidd where are you? Update babe!
 The "marked as safe" feature of Facebook is the best thing the social app has ever done. Thanks.  Stay safe friends (esp you in Paris)
 Facebook just sent me a notification to let me know a friend marked himself as being safe in Paris. Thoughtful feature. #PrayForParis 
 Nice feature to see FB notifications of friends marked safe in Paris... thoughts go out to everyone affected and those less fortunate.
 Why #Beirut didn't have the same privilege?  Friends marked as safe during Paris attack on #Facebook..
 Friends in Paris and France have "marked themselves safe" using Facebook. It's a very strange feeling getting a notification for this.
 Facebook sends a notification if a friend is marked safe at a time like this. Social media doing it right.   Sending love to Paris.
 Facebook has enabled people to be 'marked safe' in Paris
 The 'marked safe' status feature on Facebook is ingenious, this is the future of disaster communications. Keeping Paris in my thoughts.
 Just want to thank @facebook for this "Marked as Safe" feature. It's good to hear friends are ok, even if they can't do tell us personally.
 A French friend of mine was just marked safe. Excellent system, hope for many more notifications through the night. 
 Thank God for the Marked Safe Facebook feature so I can know my friends are alive.
 A couple of friends of mine have marked themselves "safe". Facebook can be useful, after all.
 Wow, this marked safe thing on Facebook is actually very comforting. Good to see friends coming up alright. #Paris
 Thank you, @facebook, for the 'Friends Marked Safe' info. A positive use of social media amongst a sea of shite tonight.
 Got a notification from FB that a friend living in Paris was marked as safe. Pretty cool, Facebook. Thank you.
 Check which friends and family members in Paris have been ‘marked safe’ on Facebook: 
 Just got facebook notifications that some of my friends in Paris were "marked safe." Social media is amazing.
 Facebook has a "marked as safe" notification for people in Paris. That's incredible. Well done @facebook
 most of my parisian friends just marked themselves safe on fb i'm shaking zhigfvjkqmb
 First time I have ever seen the 'marked safe' feature used on Facebook, very scary & close to home. Thoughts with everyone  #PrayForParis
 Facebook has already marked some of my friends safe from Paris attacks. 
 My friends are slowly but surely being marked safe in Paris and I'm crying with both relief and horror. What is wrong with the world?
 Facebook has a "Safety Check": friends in dangerous situations can mark themselves/be marked as "safe." Hands down, best thing fb created.
 Facebook are notifying you when a friend of yours is logging in as "marked as safe" from Paris. Amazing.
 Facebook allowing you to "let your friends know you're safe" in #Paris area. 3 of my friends "marked safe" so far. 
 Of all @facebook's features, the "marked safe" one is by far the most useful — especially tonight. #PrayForParis
 Safety Check feature @facebook allowing people to be "marked safe" after #ParisAttack
 Wow Facebook just told me a friend who lives in Paris was "marked safe." I didn't know that was a thing.
 *SUDDENLY REMEMBERS AN IRL FRIEND WHO LIVES IN PARIS* *sees she already marked herself as Safe on Facebook*  Small victories :')
 Amazing #Facebook reacting to #attaqueparis #FusilladeParis letting me know who's marked as safe or not.. 
 Just got a "marked safe" message on FB for a friend in Paris. Thank you @facebook.
 UN PINCHE NACO MEXICANO WANNA BE INVENTADO was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.
 @niranvinod I just got a notification that one of my friends is marked safe. Wish the others would check in.
 Scary to get an alert from multiple friends in Paris via Facebook that they've been "marked safe"
 Facebook's 'Marked Safe' feature is proof of social media as a force for good. I'm so thrilled to see that all my Parisian friends are OK.
 Just had a friend from Paris marked as safe on @facebook. Really awesome use of social media.
 Just got Facebook notification from bud in Paris that 'marked himself safe' during 'Paris terror attacks'. Didn't know that FB feature!
 Just received a Facebook notification that a friend in Paris marked herself as safe. Great feature. Feeling relieved.
 That "Marked As Safe" Facebook thing is seriously the best thing ever... <3
 Praying for #Paris tonight. Nothing else is important. A friend was just marked safe on Facebook. Brought it home.
 my facebook is sending me notifications about my friends being marked as "safe", this is a cool thing 
 How amazing is social media?! A friend just marked herself as 'safe' on #Facebook. #ParisAttacks
 Facebook's 'marked safe' alerts are fantastic. #Paris
 Got a Facebook notification that someone I know was marked as safe in Paris, good to see and good to know
 And my second friend has marked in as safe by her neighbor. Thank flip. Now I can sleep.
 Incredible what @Facebook is doing! I get notifications when my friends in the area are marked as "safe"! Good! 
 Facebook 󾍘 got people clicking if they okay "marked safe" and Twitter have people tweeting the police!
 Friends, it's a tiny little spark of relief every time to see a FB notification that you're marked safe. Stay safe and strong #Paris
 Facebook just notified me that a friend was "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Important, impressive public service by social media.
 Love this from Facebook. A friend just marked themselves as safe, and I let out a big sigh of relief. #Paris
 what is this world where social media networks now have to make sure that we have a feature to be 'marked safe' during such attacks
 Relieved that my friends in Paris are starting to be marked safe on Facebook.
 So good that Facebook can let you know that friends are marked safe during terror attacks 
 Thank you #Facebook for implementing the safe checks <3 13 of my friends marked safe so far #Paris
 Whoa, just got a Facebook notification that a friend 'marked themselves safe in Paris'. That's an amazing tool.
 My friend from Paris just marked herself safe.
 OK ANOTHER OF MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS MARKED HERSELF SAFE OK THATS GOOD OK
 Facebook just sent me an alert that the one friend I have in Paris has marked that he is safe. Thank you FB for making that possible. Truly.
 Facebook apparently launched a safety check for friends in Paris. Friends popped up who marked themselves "safe". 
 I just got a notification on Facebook that a friend was marked as safe in Paris. So that's a really great feature.
 Very helpful way to quickly get an overview of my friends in #Paris marked as safe. 
 Facebook notified me that all my friends in #Paris are marked as safe. Really interesting/cool feature. 
 Thank you @facebook for the "marked as safe During Paris shooting" status update! #PrayForParis
 Someone just marked themselves "safe" in Paris on Facebook. Disgraceful behaviour, show some respect
 The Internet is crazy... I just got a notification on Facebook that my friend in Paris 'was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' 
 Relieved to have just received an official Facebook safety check message from my niece who is in Paris. It was marked safe. Praise G-d!
 The "Friends marked safe" page on Facebook is a fantastic feature. Stay safe, Paris.
 Got a fb notification that one of my friends (who I didn't know was in Paris) marked themselves as safe. THAT is an awesome, useful feature.
 Thank you for this "Safety Check" feature, Facebook. Feeling just a little bit better seeing friends marked "safe" little by little.
 Seeing that my family was just marked safe in Paris is a huge relief. Thoughts go out to everyone else in Paris right now 
 QUI A INVENTÉ LE "MARKED SAFE" que je l'epouse?
 All my Facebook friends in Paris have been marked safe. Thank you @facebook. #PrayForParis
 Thankful to Facebook for their 'marked safe' feature. A small comfort for those with loved ones in Paris.
 @Jenn_RTR and Facebook - I'm getting alerts that my French friends are "marked safe"
 Ces "marked as safe", c'est la seule fois où tu es contente-e d'être spammé-e par des notifs Facebook.
 i just got a notification that a friend who lives in paris has been marked safe this is so scary i hate this
 I appreciate the "marked safe" option on Facebook, really makes it easier for friends and family. #Paris
 Just seen 'marked as safe' feature on Facebook for friends in #Paris – first time I've seen this tool.
 My little cousin just marked herself safe on Facebook. You've no idea how relived I feel knowing they're all okay
 Facebook just informed me through notifications that some of my friends living in #Paris are "marked safe" during... http://fb.me/3jlLCB9qW 
 Loving the marked safe function right now.
 The “Friends Marked Safe during the Paris Terror Attacks” on Facebook made me realise I close I was from losing them. Chilling realisation.
 Facebook notification: “Your friend Julia was marked safe during the Paris terrorist attack.”  Good on you, Facebook. 
 really nice seeing my French friends being marked safe on the Facebook page 
 When you wait for your friends to be marked "safe". What the fuck is this world we are in 
 I kept getting random notifications that "such and such was marked safe during the Paris terror attacks" - bravo @facebook - bravo 
 And it's working. It is sending us info about friends in the area marked as safe…
 @theadamsamuel 3 friends marked safe. Waiting to hear from 2 more!
 Оно кад си презахвалан Фејсбуку за Marked herself safe опцију.
 I love seeing all of my friends in #Paris marked safe on Facebook! That's a great feature that really comes in handy during a crisis. 
 I just got a notification on Facebook because someone had 'marked themself as SAFE in Paris'. Facebook is interesting.
 Thank god for Facebook's "marked safe" feature. Please, Parisians, go use it now if you can. #ParisAttacks
 tbh the "marked as safe" feature on fb is pretty great definitely appreciating it right now
 Way to go @facebook, awesome feature to see friends that are "marked as safe". 
 FB has kicked in its terror safety notification, has told me of two friends in Paris who are marked as safe.
 Im so glad my cousin was marked safe on Fb.  im praying for families and friends.
 there's a new feature on facebook where you can marked yourself as safe. I hope everyone will do it so we won't have to be worried
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature so people can alert friends and family that they're safe #ParisAttacks #Paris #Bataclan #fusillade
 @BrokenshardEUW Ok all good they both marked themselves "safe" on Facebook. Can't call apparently phones are down.
 looks like Facebook has a "marked safe" feature now 
 Ah... y a les "marked safe" de Facebook qui commencent.
 Thank god for the 'marked safe' @facebook feature
 i have to say that the facebook 'marked safe' feature is pretty great to let me know that people i know in paris are all right
 Great and useful Facebook Service #markedsafe https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe …
 .@facebook had a "marked safe" feature when the latest earthquake in chile happened; they should enable it again now for paris and japan
 .@facebook should activate its 'marked safe' feature for Paris tonight. It would be so helpful for those concerned about friends/family.
 Jaise pehle aata tha.... "Marked safe in earthquake"  Ab aayga.. "Marked safe during PRDP" 
 When I was in college, a campus "safe place" usually meant a fallout or tornado shelter marked Civil Defense. @SonnyBunch @BeladonnaRogers
 Get your bike marked TODAY 11am -2pm on Library Plaza for FREE - help keep your bike safe on campus #cyclehappy
 @WelshTeacup these kids are pathetic, expecting a safe little bubble where nothing they say is challenged. Absolutely pathetic.
 Bastrop Louisiana Kill Pen hard to believe this one is not marked safe yet... http://fb.me/3UqnpUr7s 
 @ism_86 @ranaadeem  Marked safe!!
 From Hydro Quebec Website. Not sure why Mistissini is marked since they have power but best to prepare yourselves. Be safe everyone.
 Marked as to-read: Safe Distance by Megan Green https://www.goodreads.com/review/show?id=1416090933 …
 @CurseYouKhan @saladinahmed Saudi coalition bombed a hospital in Yemen. Again, it was a known, marked safe zone.
 Close clearance signage poorly marked? it is not a question of IF- but WHEN will an incident happen. #railsafety
 "so and so" was marked "safe" during ESPN's 300-person layoff
 Distinguishment online visitant services wherewith citation, logo, well-marked, keep safe register: PRvHzS http://dlvr.it/Cfrnlc 
 Be safe & have fun this #BonfireNight, remember only buy fireworks marked with  BS 7114 & keep them in a closed box. #celebratesafely
 Keep your bike safe, bring it along to our Bike Marking Event to have it marked for free! See the poster below :) 
 Going to a local #fireworkdisplay tonight? Be #autumnaware: stick to the areas marked as safe for spectators http://ow.ly/Ufluw 
 I've been in contact with the Police. All is good/marked down. Home. Flustered. Safe. Thank you.
 All emergency exits @AirAsia flight empty bc marked as premium and none permitted to sit. Surely this can't be safe 
 URGENT!! - RESCUE DIDN'T SHOW UP!!!  NOW IN DANGER!  This gorgeous girl was recently marked safe, as a rescue had... http://fb.me/2jtdrAKV8 
 No idea why that last photo got marked as sensitive content... please be assured it's safe
 “A “safe exchange zone,” clearly marked in the parking lot of a well-lit police station” for Craigslist purchases. 
 Recycling is a safe bet on #MelbourneCup day. Bring your 10c marked empties to the depot for a refund. The environment will be a winner!
 Beautiful Dollies by You Me & Lucia E. Personalised for that special touch, Ce marked and safe from birth. My... http://fb.me/4VXtIATLK 
 STAY SAFE THIS THURSDAY !  Only buy fireworks marked BS 7114 or with a CE mark – this shows that the firework... http://fb.me/3RZhlQfhg 
 Be safe not sorry this Bonfire night, only buy fireworks marked BS 7114 @staffsfire @CannockChaseDC
 Martin Chavez - Marked as SAFE during Black Canyon City, AZ Earthquake 2015  󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴  I was working when it... http://fb.me/2k6AItLVy 
 Hi @TheoPaphitis I'm the creator of THE #monkeymassive CE marked sock toys, a quirky gift that's safe from birth but fun for all! #SBS
 So I guess it's safe to say @FilmOnTV has officially MARKED OUT in Battle Rap!! #BadBusiness
 #3Novices : Special report: Confusion reigns in wake of safe harbor ruling http://ift.tt/1PZghkk   October 6 marked the end of a 15-year-…
 Marked, unmarked, two wheels and four wheels. We are out in full force to make sure you all enjoy a safe Haloween. 
 There is nothing more annoying than the *Marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake* notification on FB! Of course I know, you're not there!!!!!
 Year 2020  Oh a new notification.  [Opens it]  ABC and 723 others were marked safe during 2015 earthquake.
 #Call811 before you dig to have underground lines marked. It'll keep you safe & your "to do" list shorter.
 Handmade sock monkeys, CE marked, safe from birth. 100's of designs available made to order #CraftFlash
 To help ensure a safe Halloween weekend we will have additional marked and unmarked police units deployed... http://fb.me/Re91JzIp 
 Mohsin Romalyn was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake. http://ow.ly/36vO5o 
 Some of my friends living in India are marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake!  Oh Facebook! 󾰛󾌳󾌴
 Drivers & students, be careful in the mornings when dropping off or entering the building. Be safe, drive slow, & use the marked crosswalks.
 Pictures of Al Mustafa tower #Islamabad post earthquake.  The building has been marked "safe" by CDA! 
 Fb new shit ****** and 2 others were marked safe during earthquake 
 just marked myself safe on facebook alhamdulillah
 @DICS131294 v close to home that one. I hope her being safe is true
 Abi tk marked safe marked safe chal Raha hai  
 The people who didn't marked safe on Facebook in recent earthquake, Should i consider them expired?
 @LuisMGQ @swindle marked  safe 
 Ab mein to marked safe ki notification se tang agia hu  @MishaalNaeem @MalaikaAhmad19 @oye_Churail @YamnaYasien @sameerastic
 I got a notification there that someone was marked safe from the Afghanistan earthquake, I'm sure she's from knocka like hahahaha
 still receiving "marked safe" walay notifications on my facebook....the count is 300+ now
 Marked safe during earthquake  wali notifications sy mujy aids ho jani hai
 I'm dying because i didn't marked safe on Facebook  Feeling dead with 49 others 
 ONLY buy fireworks marked with a CE mark, to show they meet European Safety Standards. Stay safe over Halloween!! 
 Apology to my friends I presumed dead earlier this morning, I am having more "Marked as Safe".  Over 1000 still dead. #EarthquakeInPakistan
 Why is facebook telling me my friends were marked safe during Afghanistan eartquake? I assumed so..they were in america..
 Ek toh earthquake uper se yeh "Marked Safe" Wala shodhapan alag se...
 #Bhutto  was marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake  #earthquakeinpakistan #AfghanistanEarthquake #Facebook #Pakistan
 #Zuckerberg talks about 'Marked Safe' feature. Forget Afghanistan, women in Delhi could use that. #IITDelhi @facebook
 We talk about our mission in Facebook to connect people. More than 3 million have marked themselves safe via Facebook: Mark Zuckerberg
 Zuck talks about the earthquake and safety tool that was activated. Over 3m people marked themselves as safe earlier this week.
 Zuckerberg talks about earthquake & Facebook's mission to connect. 3 million marked safe by @facebook   @ IIT Delhi
 674 out of 2200 friends of mine on facebook have marked safe during #EarthquakeInPakistan, rest if them I assume are dead by now. RIP!
 Sadness is your EX getting marked safe after the Earthquake
 Strange receiving a dead friend's Facebook notification saying he's marked safe after the earthquake in PK. He's been dead for five years.
 Bhutto hasnt been marked safe by Facebook so far .. Kya abhi bhi bhutto zinda hai ???
 Nobody marked me safe on Facebook. That makes me dead on the internet.
 When you ex is marked 'safe' on facebook 
 @FBkaBaap @waleednasir00 That Sad Moment when the Person U Hate Is Marked Safe On Facebook
 Bhutto was also marked 'Safe' in the recent #earthquake
 RT shanzaykhan2: Now i realise candy crush requests wasn't irritating at all, after getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook  #ea…
 really am worried for my facebook friends who aren't marked safe yet. god bless ya'll. :"
 300+ friends have marked themselves 'safe' after #Earthquake on facebook.
 Facebook safety check; first time I've seen this. A friend in the Middle East marked himself as safe. 
 RT ThatPakhtoon_: Zeezoo , sadaf, Ahmed, ZOHWA , anila ,  Saeed  And 500 others were marked  safe in Afghanistan #earthquake
 I've been feeling unsafe since yesterday  because i wasn't marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake by fesbuk.
 Facebook told me one of my friends was "marked safe" in the Afghanistan earthquake and that's about the most useful thing it's ever done.
 Alhumdulillha everyone is marked safe during Afghanistan's earthquake   #Itney_Notifications
 My heart goes out to those people who are not marked safe for the earthquake on Facebook!
 If till now you haven't marked yourself 'safe' on facebook, then Inna Lillahi wa inna ilaihi raji'un. :3
 So I'm not the only one who finds this 'marked safe' thing cute
 I marked myself safe from the Earthquake just cuz I didn't wanna feel left out.
 See if your friends in earthquake area #Afghanistan / #Pakistan are marked safe on Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/afghanistanearthquake-oct2015/ …
 ALLAH O AKBAR YE AZMAISH OR TOBA KA WQT HOTA HA NA K (MARKED SAFE MARKED SAFE) KA SO PLZ STOP...........  EDUCATED IGNORANT
 Thank you so much Facebook for letting me know that a friend of mine who lives in karachi was marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake.
 "X, Y and Z were marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" is the only notification I am having today on facebook
 Samna were marked safe during earthquake  
 87/136 of my Facebook friends are marked safe during #earthquake
 Bhutto marked safe and sound after the #earthquake  #zindahaeBhutto
 Arun and 2314 were marked safe during earthquake in Afghanistan ...
 @ShamilaGhyas I did not marked myself safe... someone else beat me to it
 post #AfghanistanEarthquake I am thrilled by what facebook has done as it marked my homeboy domiciled there safe technology & disasters
 So I've marked myself safe on facebook yah big shot boy #earthquake
 Waa marl mare Afghanistan d earthquake anda Kudla d ippunakuku safe ge.. #markedsafe #petkami — feeling crazy
 She: Tmhari taraf b earthquake aya? Me: Marked Safe.
 "Your friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" BITCH U LIVE IN CANADA
 @NasibAtta @mmodaser I think other people can mark one safe. Someone marked me safe
 @lewshort14 @tombarrett @hamishcurry @JoeBVic Currently it has many fires listed twice 1 x DELWP & 1 x CFA. 1 marked safe. 1 going.
 Say what you want about book face, but sometimes I find the "marked safe" feature awesome. #earthquake #AfghanistanEarthquake
 Orange Terror Don says he'll put immigrants into "safe zones" awaiting citizenship. Not mentioned: gate marked "Arbeit Macht Frei."
 As much as I hate on Facebook today I was grateful for it as family & friends marked themselves safe after the horrific earthquake.
 Friend was marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake. Wait what is this feature on Facebook?
 @OzerKhalid my friends in Pakistan have a list or something on facebook, I keep getting messages that soandso marked himself safe.
 Judge: "You are dangerous. Do you deny charges against you?" Culprit: "Yes My Lord. I was marked safe on Facebook." #earthquakeinpakistan
 Say to the children of Israel, Let certain towns be marked out as safe places, as I said to you by the mouth of Moses, Joshua 20:1
 Facebook has a "marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake," feature that allows friends to quickly assure folks in their network.
 Rt if you are not happy because of some Assholes or Bitches you saw marked themselves "Safe from Earthquake" on facebook.  #DieBitch
 What is that Annoying thing on FB 'Marked Safe" 
 Yo that Facebook thing is so cool it notifies u when your relatives or friends are marked safe during an earthquake
 I am not marked safe on Facebook, please pray for me. .-.
 The 'marked safe' function on Facebook for the Afghanistan earthquake is brilliant! All friends ok thankfully #PeaceOfMind
 I am not marked safe at facebook.. Should I be worried or relaxed.. — feeling thoughtful
 Now i realise candy crush requests wasn't irritating at all, after getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook  #earthquakeinpakistan
 Aqeel Ahmed Ambala & 89 others marked that they were safe during Afghanistan Earthquack.   #FaceBookChutiapay
 Well TBH I wanted someone not to be marked as safe, sorry
 @ShamilahR No I'm safe, I marked myself safe on Facebook :p
 Thank God my relative in USA are safe and successfully marked safe during earthquake in Afghanistan.
 I was wondered to see that i was marked "safe" in earthquake by few friends on facebook..Jub tuk Oscar na utha lu... http://fb.me/40QhC8V5O 
 Alhamdullih everyone was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake.... #itn_notification  
 One friend in the #earthquake area has marked himself safe. No one else has. Please pass around: Safety check-ins: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/afghanistanearthquake-oct2015/ …
 Allhumdiuallah 25 friends marked safe themselves during Afghanistan earthquake.   Per bhai rehte tou tumlog Karachi mein ho
 Being "Marked Safe" is probably my favourite use
 RT if you have been marked safe on Facebook. #Earthquake #Pakistan
 I'm glad Facebook has the marked as safe thing when something dangerous happen. now I know Andrew is still safe while he fights 
 @ShujaRabbani people from Middle-East also marked them safe there, gotta love fb.
 One of my supervisors from house job is currently living in Afghanistan. He just got marked safe by the Facebook. Good thing. #safetycheck
 Great feature from @facebook  Friends marked safe. #earthquakeinpakistan #Facebook  #EarthQuakeInPakistan
 *Marked as Safe* FB's feature which informs you that ur bad-dua didnt work. Try again  Jk  Serious Note: I hope everyone is safe out there.
 I just got a notification on Facebook that two of my Facebook friends "were marked safe during the Afghanistan earthquake". Oh my.
 Wow. Got a notification telling me a friend was marked as safe after the Afghanistan earthquake. Amazing.
 I saw a couple of my friends marked safe by this tool. Amazing Fbook is doing this 
 Just for the record #BhuttoZindaHai marked safe in Earthquake by default.#RaheelIsHereNawazIsWhere
 Hey jaan you're really precious & I marked you safe.   - guys on fb.
 First experience w/ Facebook Safety Check - HS classmate in Afghanistan marked herself safe. Comforting, helpful, clear.
 I am glad to see so many of my friends in the region of the Hidu Kush quake marked as safe. I hope all are, and... http://fb.me/7ySrxeI04 
 Now these facebook 'marked safe in earthquake' notifications are never going to end.
 Sab ko FB pe add kar lo wo "Marked as Safe" se khush ho jaein ge https://twitter.com/sabss123/status/658683594420920320 …
 #Facebook new feature is notifying people with a marked safe notification. #earthquake #Afghanquake
 Marked as safe feature informing you, your bud'dua didn't work try again later.
 Okay now this 'marked-safe' notification is annoying me on Facebook.
 #Facebook's feature of 'marked safe' in times of calamities is really a great innovation
 MY WHOLE FREAKIN' FB MARKED THEMSELVES SAFE, BHAEE ONLINE HO TO MTLB SAFE HEE HO GE NA ,-,
 This marked safe thing is starting to get a bit annoying now
 Once again all the Forever Alones were marked safe all by themselves 
 What's with this marked safe thing on facebook? Who cares?
 Going to stab everyone who marked themselves safe from earthquake
 Majority seems to be on marked safe from Afghanistan earthquake spree
 Mother had this uni friend from nepal. After that massive earthquake hit nepal she marked herself as safe on fb. This is how my mother knew
 No one Marked me safe on FAcebook. . .khud hi krna pera
 Glad to know that kashmiri friends are safe who lost a lot of relatives 10 yrs back ; 26 others have marked themselves safe.
 Wow.Facebook just gave me a notification that 1 of my Facebook friends marked himself as "safe" #AfghanistanEarthquake #FacebookSafetyCheck
 Like to see all of them(@ Hindukush) marked safe!!!
 Just marked myself safe during Afghanistan Earthquake
 Everyone is getting marked safe on #fb to generate spy stats !! There is no safe marks for #Refugees 
 "Na yeh koi nae beemari nikli hay ab" Amma darling after she came to know about this "Marked safe" thing on fb
 #Facebook RN , Marked safe marked safe
 "Blah, Blah and blah others were marked safe...... " wali bakch*di fr se shuru ho gyi...
 Alhamdulilah summa alhamdulilah <3  #MamuJan marked himself SAFE on Facebook :)
 Jo log amreeka mai bethay hain wo b apne apko 'marked safe' kar rahe hain facebook pe!  Hadd hogai hai
 This Marked safe thing on facebook sucks ..  Infact facebook sucks
 I have marked myself safe on @facebook but for friends on @twitter I am still not safe. Oh technology, what have you become?
 Earthquake in Afghanistan.! But no worry Aadeez...Atif Aslam was marked safe during the earthquake.( checked by Noorie Khan) @itsaadee
 I ate through the earthquake and slept through the aftershocks. Now marked safe on Facebook just in case anyone out there cares.
 "Your friend was marked safe in the xyz disaster" OK but what if an aftershock happened & they got hurt & we had no idea bc of this feature?
 just 27 out of 100 fb friends marked they are safe still last long list 
 #Earthquake  #Fb says: 336 friends are in the affected area  57 friends are marked safe  279 friends are not marked safe yet..
 @faisalrafi I know a dude who marked himself safe in frikkin Germany
 Dear Mark Zuckerberg Pakistan & Afghanistan are both different Countries! Do not update your self as marked safe... http://fb.me/3u9NL8aiU 
 Happy to see friends in #Afghanistan marked safe on Facebook from the deadly #earthquake that rocked the region https://www.facebook.com/nemat.sadat.92/posts/1515786852069339?pnref=story …
 105 others have marked themselves as safe * silently marks them unsafe* khekhekhekhekhe
 so what's with this being marked safe on the FB?
 A, B, C and 45 others were marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake. 6 minutes ago...  These notifications... http://fb.me/2ecta389p 
 Everyone is getting marked safe here. High time Facebook realize not all are my phuppi de munday.
 Everyone's getting notifications about their friends marked safe from Earthquake. I got a notification saying: AAJ BHI BHUTTO ZINDA HAI XD
 Facebook right now   Alhamdulillah everyone was marked safe except you   #justfacebookthings
 As much as I don’t like FB, “marked safe” is a great feature.
 Wtf is this marked safe during earthquake thing? Marked safe by whom? Is God on FB now?
 "Gilgiti Eagle was marked safe during the Afghanistan Earthquake," notifies facebook. Well, of course- its an eagle.
 "Marked as safe" Oh shit man, you alive. Naachu mai? Hain?
 @M_Ullah when Nepal earthquake happened, a friend from Saudi Arabia marked herself safe.
 "Your friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" PAR BHAI REHTAY TU AP AFRICA HO.
 The Facebook "Marked Safe" is cool and all, but now I can't get ahold of Dilmy in the earthquake. 
 Was Bhutto marked safe on Facebook?
 Over 200 Facebook friends have marked "safe" in today's earthquake update. Shukar sab are safe.
 Wtf is this Facebook thing about being marked safe in the Afghanistan earthquake?! Are you serious?
 Wow I was just fbook notified that a friend of mine has been marked as safe in the Afghan earthquake?! What an awesome feature!
 I am concerned about you so I will just go check my Facebook to check if you have marked yourself safe or not.
 RT IF YOU'RE MARKED SAFE 
 @MithayChawl @iLaibi friend in Islamabad who grammed her awesome day marked herself safe and I am like 
 fb par apny ap ko safe marked krny ka sharaf hafil kr len fitty..ye kia harkt
 Ok everybody is now being "MARKED SAFE" by Facebook
 Crush marked herself safe hmmmm.   Obviously you're safe, you're in Fucking Canada!!
 An Alhmadulillah for every friend or family member being marked safe in the earthquake. The poor resilient people... http://fb.me/6N5IL2Cl3 
 That under-your-breath 'shit!' You let out when someone you really don't like comes up marked safe on Facebook...
 you know you need new frnds when you are'nt marked safe in the Afghanistan earthquake by any of your retard frnds :(
 @krazyfrog This guy in my newsfeed clicked a selfie at Bandra and then marked himself safe in the Nepal Earthquake 
 This new 'marked safe' notification is annoying. Bhai aur chutiyapa kam tha kiya jo ye bhi shuru kar diya? Haan?
 @ATweets_ @Aariaa_  I should have checked, but I saw both of you online and marked you as 'safe'. My lousy defense.
 What is this "marked safe during Earthquake" on Facebook!!! OMG!!!
 Thanks ALLAH one of my friend living in England just marked safe during terrifying Earthquake :p
 "Your Friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" BITCH U LIVE IN CANADA
 Seeing people you care about "marked safe" after this earthquake brings a sense of calmness. #PrayforAfghanistan
 Fbk notification : "abc and xyz were marked safe during the Afghanistan earthquake."  Okay Facebook, tou main kya naachoon?
 *Marked Safe on facebook*
 This"marked as safe" or "I am not safe" notification. How a person could mark "I am not safe"?  Under fallen buildings or from their graves?
 Facebook mchaw b3iiiiiiiiiiiiiiid. A friend of mine just marked himself as safe from a recent earthquake. 
 Were you marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake on Facebook?
 This 'marked safe' on Facebook is so lame
 Thank god i marked my self safe warna sakht gunah milna tha
 My friend marked me safe 
 Ahmed Mallick marked himself safe. Hmmm
 Facebook notifications ny phone ki maar k rakhi hui hai,,falana falana marked safe during #earthquake :/
 Nice "marked safe" feature in FB for users in the affected area #earthquake
 'You marked yourself safe'
 Karachi walo thank you for using MARKED SAFE otherwise we would have never knew about your safety during... http://fb.me/6Qj7Epn41 
 Great feature from @facebook  Friends marked safe. #EarthquakeInPakistan
 Marked safe on facebook tu aisay kar rahay hain jasay saray bari mushkilon se guzray hain.
 I am absolutely loving @facebook's 'Marked safe' strategy with he whole Afghanistan and Pakistan earthquake 
 Uh oh, now I'll be concerned about people from Karachi who haven't marked themselves "safe" on Facebook.
 Facebook mujh se bhi to pocho  me bhi marked safe par check lagaon
 @a4ambitious what. I just ignored this notification and you marked me safe?  okayyy
 Lol cant believe I thought i could be found dead under a building somewhere tomorrow. Just been marked safe fam thanks @facebook
 #Facebook has started to give Notification of #MarkedSafe... of those Which were in #EarthQuake Hit Area's !!
 Marked safe on Facebook with 69 others
 Do not update your self as marked safe as in AFGHANISTAN EARTHQUAKE, It was in Pakistan too, and yes PAKISTAN is... http://fb.me/1Sx1b7dPt 
 I marked safe. Do you?
 Just marked "Safe". Alhamdullilah.
 Marked safe via fesbuk
 Zalzala aa k chala b gya ab Fb per Notifications aarhy sheikh Zeeshan Majeed Iqbal  And 999 others were marked  Safe during #Earthquake 
 When people you don't like are being marked safe on the #Facebook #Earthquake safety check..
 "Marked Safe"..... Fist time i am really impressed with the Facebook's social impact! — feeling happy
 All my items are CE marked, and are safe from birth. Perfect gift for ALL ages  http://stephssockmonkeystore.co.uk   #pbloggers
 abay yeh sub marked safe walay #afghanistan mien thay kia???
 Am I the ONLY ONE getting Facebook alerts about people 'marked safe during the earthquake'?
 The Afghanistan earthquake led to my first "Facebook friend has been marked 'safe'" notification.
 Marked safe :)
 Just got a 'xyz were marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake' notification on Facebook.  Im now 90% sure Mark Zuckerberg is a pindi boy.
 So now i'll get notifications of all my friends on FB who marked themselves SAFE! Munasib :/
 Everybody marked safe on facebook but apparently no one cares.
 Just got my first ever "Friend marked safe during" regional disaster notification on Facebook.  Really smart use of social media.
 Yeh marked safe wala acha shashka dala hai Facebook ne :p
 marked safe
 Zeezoo , sadaf, Ahmed, ZOHWA , anila ,  Saeed  And 500 others were marked  safe in Afghanistan #earthquake
 So you were marked safe???   Jitne mujhe notifications aa rahe hein, dua maang raha hoon Marr hi jate... — feeling annoyed
 FB keeps sending me notifications regarding those who were marked safe during the Earthquake.
 Marked safe thing is just creepy. Hello big brother.
 Facebook has enabled the Marked Safe feature for all in Pakistan. Please mark responsibly. Thanks!  #earthquake
 Ye Facebook pr "Marked as safe in #earthquake" kya chal raha hay?
 Very cool feature by Facebook. Tells you which of your contacts have marked safe in a disaster. From today: 
 why is fb giving me xyz marked safe during earth quake notifications
 Facebook has enabled the Marked Safe feature for all in Pakistan. Please mark responsibly. Thanks!
 Don't miss out! Get your bike marked for free at #Northfields! Keep your cycle safe! #OpWiggins @london_cycling
 All the meena boys have marked "I am safe" on facebook.
 8.1 on rector scale  Another earthquake marked in history of Pak,that too in month of October. Hope everyone is safe.
 Ignacio Redondo marked himself safe during Hurricane Patricia and Chavismo.
 Agar fb pr safe marked ho tum ...toh zinda ho tum #earthquake
 Earthquake in #Pakistan. People from Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai n other places will 'Marked Safe' themselves on #Facebook.
 Why do cyclists cycle in the middle of the road when there's a safe cycle path clearly marked out for them? #mondaymotivation
 @hiitsmolly ok I guess you have a point. Just stay out of the drawer marked "porn" it's really just pictures of my cat that I keep safe
 Thank God my mother marked safe during hurricane Patricia on Fb
 Edewardian Era match safe. Marked G.Silver. With a Art Nouveau pattern. http://united-states-tourist.info/it/si/?query=111802818474 …
 Turoo Blanco was marked as safe tras la cagotiza que le metió su mamá por no hacer lo que le dijo
 its bittersweet getting notifications saying my family in mexico have been marked safe
 Owls penguins & mini monkeys! All CE marked, so safe from birth. Perfect stocking fillers! All £10 each 
 Marked as to-read: Making the World Safe for Capitalism by Christopher Doran https://goodreads.com/review/show/1425050290 …
 I really like that @facebook marked my family and friends in Mexico as #safe. 
 Group of marine biology students from my school still haven't been marked safe. Please keep praying for their safety. #PrayForMexico
 MY HOUSE IS SAFE!!  MARKED AND KILLED THE PARASITIC BEINGS. THEY WILL NOT CONTAMINATE OUR PIPE LINE AND SPREAD HIV/AIDS!!
 S/o to fb for letting us know that our families safe in Mexico with that "marked safe" notification.
 @piratefoxradio @BonesDobie no, they took away the box that marked the mostly safe spot to stand
 Thanks much @facebook for the "marked as safe" feature. It was easy to know the state of all my family & friends in Mexico during #Patricia.
 @worktop64 Marked to read later. Out of interest, tis a safe bet that few if any UK parliamentarians will read it at all, much less in full.
 Thank you @facebook for the notification that my family members were marked safe during #HurricanePatricia 
 Aw i love fb's marked safe feature  good to know family members are safe during #Patricia
 >finds the marked pig >secures it with the gold >rewarded the achievement >done on overkill >didn't get safe and drill gg @OVERKILL_TM
 I love how FB notified me that my family members in GDL were marked safe 
 I'm sure liking this "marked safe" feature on Facebook.  I've heard from 4 of my family member's in Mexico that they're safe.
 .@allan05 was marked safe after clase de Social Media del #IABDMI
 @facebook the mvp for letting our family let us know they're marked as safe. #Patricia
 So great to hear a good ole' Stettler boy Jeff Saffran has been marked 'safe' during Hurricane Patricia.   I'm... http://fb.me/32sZngpu0 
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is absolutely brilliant.
 like 4 of my family members were marked safe from the hurricane & the other 10 haven't marked themselves bruhhhhhh
 Love this feature on FB. My Family in Guadalajara marked Safe from #HuracánPatricia prayers to those affected 
 Botulinum Toxin Shots Seem Safe in Children With Marked Cerebral Palsy http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/852998?nlid=89445_2046&src=wnl_edit_medn_peds&uac=199491SJ&spon=9&impID=866157&faf=1 … #neurology
 Grandparents marked safe 
 Friends marked safe on #facebook? What a cool feature! Glad to see my MX friends are ok. #life #technology
 I like how I got notifications from Fb saying that my family &friends in Nayarit marked themselves safe. Thank God for hearing our prayers
 First time I've seen someone 'marked safe' on Facebook (during #Patricia #Mexico)
 I got a Facebook notification telling me which of my family members in affected areas were marked safe from #HurricanePatricia. Thank you.
 A few of my family members marked themselves safe but I'm just still really scared for the rest of my family...
 Some retard in West Dick-Creek Arkansas just marked herself as safe from Hurricane Patricia. 
 I think Facebook's  "marked safe" is awesome so people could keep in touch with their family. #HurricanePatricia
 Was freaking out last night over one of my friends caught in Hurricane Patricia...saw he's now marked as "safe" when I woke up. THANK GOD.
 marked safe on FB is probably one of the greatest & smartest features in any social media. #Patricia
 Seeing my family being marked safe is absolutely perfect. 
 Idk but my family members in Jalisco marked themselves safe so I'm Not really worried
 Como maman con su "marked safe during Hurricane Patricia", que se les venga un huracan por la cola haber que tan seguros van a estar.
 Me encanta como Facebook te deja saber que tus amistades have "marked safe" en mexico
 Why aren't you marked safe on Facebook yet @Corrgirl
 @BonesDobie @piratefoxradio I'm willing to bet the safe spot is still there, it's just not marked by a box!
 Just got alerts on Facebook that my friends marked themselves safe during hurricane Patricia. This is great new feature, good job Facebook.
 "So and so marked himself safe" is, to me, a new and welcome Facebook feature that lets one know his FB friends... http://fb.me/IPrrOkaZ 
 when Facebook notifies you that your cousin in Mexico has marked herself safe during the hurricane 
 Woke up to a notification from FB that my friends in Mexico were marked "safe". That's a super nice feature. 
 It shows your safe and not marked safe family members on Facebook   
 Si se calman con su "...marked safe during Hurricane Patricia". #NoOneCares
 FB just alerted me that my homie in Mexico, was "marked safe" in the aftermath of the hurricane. That's dope.
 Super cute Facebook is doing the "marked safe" to let you know your family is okay  
 Seeing notifications of my family on Facebook that marked themselves safe from the hurricane makes me feel so relieved.
 My family from Jalisco marked themselves safe on Facebook  I'm so thankful God was able to look after them 
 Glad to see my family marked themselves as safe on fb! Thanks to that I know my abuelos are safe! Stay strong Jalisco & the rest of Mexico.
 So happy most of my family are marked safe.
 Amazing that @facebook are utilising technology effectively to notify people of their friends&family "marked safe"  #HurricanePatricia
 Armando Aceves Ayala was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.: Armando Aceves Ayala was marked safe during H... http://on.fb.me/1i2xP01 
 Dear @facebook - THANK YOU for the "Friends marked as safe" feature that shows our family in Manzanillo are safe from hurricane.
 My fam marked Safe on FB from Hurricane Patricia Im relieved I havent been able to talk to them cos the phone lines are down #PrayForMexico
 José Murillo and Jose Carlos Murillo were marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.: José Murillo and Jos... http://on.fb.me/1jFv6LL  @ciscoa
 Let em no u'r ok: How 2 #MarkedSafe n a disaster on Facebook http://bit.ly/1WalWIc   #HurricanePatricia #PrayforMexico
 Shoutout to @Facebook for their "Marked Safe" feature during #HurricanePatricia 
 No better feeling than when some of my family members get marked safe, from the hurricane
 My family just marked as safe from the hurricane in Jalisco. Thank God. #HuracánPatricia
 So happy to see some of my friends and family in México marked safe.  #HurricanePatricia but praying for everyone else being affected.
 Thank u facebook for that *(friend) marked themselves as safe* thingy.
 When you get a notification that one of your family members was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia 
 Love this feature on Facebook!!! #markedsafe #hurricanepatricia
 honestly thank you @facebook for doing the "marked as safe" for Hurricane Patricia because that's how i know my family in Mexico is okay.
 Gettin notifications that my friend ls in Mexico are "marked safe" on Facebook is kinda cool and great news.
 This Facebook feature where some of my family in Mexico are marked "safe" and others are not is making this so real. #HurricanePatricia
 Thx for the "marked safe" feature @facebook!  Happy to know my family & friends in Mexico are okay #HurricanePatricia
 My family members marked themselves "safe" on fb because of the hurricane... Fb can do this!!
 One of our cousins has marked safe from the Hurricane Patricia. May God protect and be with each and everyone out there. #PrayForMexico
 I just received several FB notifications of family who marked themselves as safe but my heart still sank. 
 No merezco ser tu amigo de Facebook si haces "marked safe" del huracán Paty.
 I got a FB notification saying that a fb friend of mine was "marked safe during hurricane Patricia" it's scary but such a helpful FB Feature
 Great, here comes all the "Marked Safe" shit.
 i like that all my family in mexico can mark and have marked that there safe  #thanksb2god
 ok, you are marked safe, AHORA CONTESTAME POR WHATSAPP
 A mi si me sirve el "marked safe" del huracán. El 50% de mi familia  vive allá. Sooo.. Shhhh
 did not know fb will alert you when friends/ family in Mexico are marked safe from the hurricane...this is a huuuge relief
 "Fulana de Tal was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia"   Sopla, Patricia, sopla...
 Facebook notified me saying my family was marked safe. Thank you God 
 Marked as to-read: Home Safe by Elizabeth Berg https://goodreads.com/review/show/1423898230 …
 Thank you god my family is marked safe and my dad has been calling in a lot and he's okay please try to call ur family and pray w them
 That "marked safe" thing on facebook to know that our family members are okay is just great
 Of my eight family members who have Facebook and are in the Patricia area, only 3 of them have been marked as safe 
 Juanito was marked safe during existence.
 Good idea for FB to put a marked safe option  Glad to hear so far that my loved ones are safe 
 Awesome power of technology. Family and friends marked 'safe' after Hurricane Patricia… https://instagram.com/p/9NOrZSiApe/ 
 I keep getting notifications from Facebook saying it marked my family safe from the hurricane. #FuckingTechnology
 I only have one family member marked safe on Facebook.  #HurricanePatricia
 girl on my fb timeline marked herself safe from hurricane patricia. she lives ten minutes away from me
 The "Marked Safe" Facebook feature is AWESOME! Thank you #Facebook .
 my aunt is obsessed w facebook and she just marked herself safe from the hurricane god bless
 @TrapPig I am too. My uncle marked himself safe & I messaged his wife but she hasn't answered 
 seeing family and friends being marked safe from the hurricane makes me happier :)
 ok all of my family that's closest to the hurricane rn marked safe im calm
 All my family from Mexico marked themselves as safe on Facebook, thank god!
 Porque le ponen marked safe al huracan en fb si viven en hermosillo o guaymas?
 Todo bien con el marked safe del huracan en fb pero enserio va llegar notificacion por cada uno que este a salvo? 
 Some of my family members have been marked safe.  
 fb has a safety feature for hurricane patricia and my aunt marked herself safe ok i'm happy
 Alguien sabe cómo funciona eso del: "marked safe" de FB? Solo se hace una vez? Pq ok, Patricia entró, pero y luego? Vuelven a marcarlo?
 Seeing my mexican friends being marked as safe via facebook prayers go out to any and all affected
 When @facebook brings you some peace mind with its 'Marked Safe' feature  #HurricanePatricia
 my beautiful cousin has been marked safe from Hurricane Patricia 
 I like how I got a notification on Facebook saying my cousin's were marked safe of hurricane Patricia
 I just got a notification of three Facebook Friends "marked as safe" who are in the path of hurricane Patricia. 
 No tienen madre con su "marked safe" perense estamos a cuatro horas de mc allen 
 Tu putamadre was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.
 "Jorge Becerra was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia" ¡POR DIOS, PERO SI YO VIVO EN LA BOLIVIA DE COLOMBIA! Nada que ver.
 Facebook just told me one of my Mexican friends "was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia."
 I'm so happy that Facebook notified me about my family that marked safe during this hurricane. Some stress has been relieved.
 You can see who has marked themselves as safe on FB  
 Shout out to Facebook for sending me a notification letting me know that someone I know was marked safe during the hurricane!
 I'm getting notifications from Facebook that my relatives are marked safe during the hurricane
 The marked safe feature on Facebook is amazing...
 MY FAMILY MARKED THEMSELVES AS SAFE ON FACEBOOK THANK GOD
 I love that my Facebook tells me my friends that are marked "safe" in Mexico  #HurricanePatricia 
 Ya va a empezar Facebook con sus babosadas de "marked safe"
 "Este cabrón y otro manojo de babosones were marked safe", dicen las notificaciones.
 i got a facebook notification that my cousins marked safe for the hurricane i felt so much relief wash over me
 It's so cool how Facebook has that "marked safe" option! #HurricanePatricia
 Ya van a empezar a mamar con el "marked safe"? Mejor llévanos Patrice.
 Ahi viene el tren del ''Marked Safe''.
 Abandoned items found this week by the tunnel-diggers:  Big blue safe marked 'Tax Hikes' 'Ka-ching' noise box Tory strategist Lynton Crosby
 Illuminati Wife Tells All; https://youtu.be/S8ly0c0_Rnk  _ If so she's marked. In our society she's no longer safe+ targets of illuminati_ if true
 #TGIF @Call811 Before You Dig to have underground lines marked. It'll keep you safe & your "to do" list shorter  
 #DidYouKnow that Prince Abubakar Audu marked his wife and children as enemies, do you think the ordinary man in Kogi will be safe..
 @forthelongrun Obviously he/she was going to make breakfast after safe sex, but was afraid of drinking the sensible plan away; marked money.
 Thank you to those for coming along to #HattonCross to get your bikes marked! Helping to keep your cycle safe #OpWiggins!
 Botulinum Toxin Shots Seem Safe in Children With Marked Cerebral Palsy http://bit.ly/1XnUe8e  #health
 Marked as to-read: Safe for Democracy by Joseph M. Siracusa https://goodreads.com/review/show/1423142763 …
 Today marked the premier of my IM ice hockey career! (safe to say I was the star player 
 @rantipolebandit • broken and the other is set on a low volume. She kept running. Virgil would have told her to do so. Keep each other safe•
 @rantipolebandit • safe. So she ran, finally. She ran. Far from the main street, far from the demons. Towards the safety of a stolen car.
 --- --- Most of the roads within Nairobi are marked with such signs."Safe Drive Save Life" 
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley https://goodreads.com/review/show/1422329332 …
 Safe driving during the school year, recognize the driving marked "School Zones" http://bit.ly/1X0vRgu 
 SAFE FRIDAY. This week, meet the PCSOs and get your property marked. 12-4pm at STEP UP 39 Oxhey Drive 0208 428 6725 
 USAID, TheNetwork marked disclosure of safe drinking water project http://ift.tt/1W34mR4 
 >gets crimefest drill >has crimefest safe >opens safe >pixel judge >lightly marked  thank rng i lov dis
 This account is now marked NSFW (Not safe for wasps), be aware!   #WaspsAreRubbish
 Safe money I'm one of the few who had his calendar marked off for when @netflix added Ain't Them Bodies Saints to its stream.
 My friend is bike touring through South America, and was just marked safe after an earthquake in Argentina. Crazy! 
 @CBCCalgary Is it safe to assume that any pre-marked ballots will be removed during the count? Can that be done safely? #pollwatch
 Brewer Fire officials say the gas line was clearly marked and that this construction site was a Dig Safe sight. @WLBZ2
 At minimum it's at least 75 cop cars swat and in marked cars on northland be safe
 Remember to drive safely & have students use marked crosswalks! Keep our Bulldogs safe! #BackTheBlue #BackTheFuture #SchoolZones
 Ba simolotse ka "Marked safe during Argentina Earthquake" Jeso!!
 Yok artik facebook notificationa gel: "Jor Fe Nesi was marked safe during Argentina Earthquake (Salta Province) by Mohamed Roumieh."
 Got this sexy beast today and Play it Safe marked my KA shelf full - well, until her next release or… https://instagram.com/p/86i3uSyiFM/ 
 Keep your property safe! Join @NYorksPolice Safer Neighbourhood Team 10.30-12 tomorrow and get phones, bikes, laptops etc security marked.
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe For Work by L.A. Witt https://goodreads.com/review/show/1418061225 …
 For 1st time @ottertrailrun, rivers that have tested safe with @SANParks are marked w/ blue ribbons. Km to next will be indicated
 @GUEnergySouthAf munchie point will be halfway. Rivers safe to drink are marked with blue ribbons, red is a no go!! #TheOtter
 Keep your property safe! Join @NYorksPolice Safer Neighbourhood Team 10.30-12 tomorrow and get phones, bikes, laptops etc security marked.
 Safe that my teachers have marked me here today when I'm not in col
 @hst we were hoping to be rated dangerous. Not good for our image being marked safe ;)
 USAID, THENETWORK MARKED DISCLOSURE OF SAFE DRINKING WATER PROJECT http://fb.me/7oISPWwxn 
 Usually when you see a video marked NSFW (not safe for work) it also means to me (not safe for wifey) #NowYouKnow your welcome!
 The rivers + huts on the @ottertrailrun #Otter2015 provide drinking water. Rivers marked with BLUE ribbons are safe. RED not. Avoid Kleinbos
 The rocking of his house had me holding on but I knew that I was safe from there on out and the waves that hit his face marked the past
 Stay safe with fireworks. Buy them from reputable shops and only buy fireworks marked BS 7114. 
 #MH17 incident could be avoided if a warzone is marked no-fly. So which authority is responsible? Slacking in ensuring a safe flight path.
 CE marked sock monkeys, safe from birth, fun for all. Orders been taken now for Christmas.  #MonkeyMassive
 https://youtu.be/ThD-zZxZQXc . Think FEMA Camps are only for the homeless?  Think again. Homes are being marked. No one is safe with this. No one.
 Catching up to the Mets game...holy shit. Does Chase Utley have like a safe house or somewhere he can lay low? He's a marked man. Damn...
 Haiku #3  Send brown envelopes Marked "Kate & Gerry, Rothley" It'll get there, safe  #mccann
 @Flan_King order you also crest are howard looking marked  by me alexander are us safe military invention of ones ordrs
 @SilverEaglePVL With the one marked with the USB symbol? It's a safe bet! I'm just terrible at finding the right holes.
 Pavement moped-ist on City Road has been wrestled down by un-marked cops and cuffed. London is safe again.
 All my items are CE marked & so are safe from birth. Perfect #christmasgift #pbloggers #biztalk
 We're going out for a walk in the evening. It's safe to know that the road is well marked http://fb.me/6MpcNXg9B 
 "it is a marked noticeable increase of people getting charged under the SAFE Act…” http://www.oneidadispatch.com/general-news/20151007/safe-act-opponents-say-state-police-enforcement-of-gun-law-on-the-rise … #tcot #2A #NY #SAFEAct
 @StHelensHour a school folder marked Lewis Evens found on north road I've left it in the DWP building for safe keeping
 @StVitalCentre @FXRRacing Forts! Snow forts. Tunnels in the front yard. "Enemy" tunnels were marked with red Gatorade. Blue = safe. #SVCWIW
 @FrogCroakley "It's the only way to be safe" say the scientists, as they seal the vault marked 'SCP-0: Frorg Craokly'
 Why did @salesforce email me today about safe harbour, for what appears to be the first time ever. [Marked as Spam]
 @arvid2 The file seems to be from Adobe so Norton has marked it as a safe file. Also, Norton handles several tho... http://nr.tn/1RoOs2D 
 @One_marked @prankyDuck @elittle0319 *sends safe space*
 Idc what excuses I have to come up with to tell my mom why they marked me gone 5th and 6th. I am minimizing how much time I feel not safe
 Sat, Oct 3 marked the first BCMMA event sanctioned by the UKMMAF in accordance with Safe MMA. #MondayMusings
 ((This is getting marked as 'sensitive', I think because the artist's tumblr link mentions she does NSFW work. The picture is safe. :)
 @LeexxxW @One_marked @Nayboar True. But I'm sure she likes her mangina fighting her battles, so he might be safe.
 @TheoPaphitis I hand make sock monkeys, the perfect 1st baby toy! CE marked safe from birth #SBS
 An AC-130 lingers over the target - it's not fast. It's got amazing tech for situational awareness. A marked hospital should have been safe.
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe For Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1407564507 …
 A perfect #handmade #baby #gift CE marked and safe from birth. Available from http://www.mamanixandme.co.uk  #BuyBritishDay
 @rantipolebandit "Maybe, but sometimes it's good to be that." she said, running towards another street instead. "Better be safe, especially•
 Hey band, the Mens restroom by the concession stand at their stadium isnt marked. If it doesnt say "Women," you're probably safe.
 @CoderInCrisis @nowhere_nh "CLEARLY MARKED as a Safe Space." Gun-free Zone, too?
 @nowhere_nh At least we're safe from those Extreme Individualists here. On our fainting couch, which is CLEARLY MARKED as a Safe Space.
 @swimbreatheswim Sadly they aren’t dishwasher safe, as marked on the bottle. These were limited edition for GOSH so they’ve been snapped up.
 L. G. Balfour Co. North Carolina Safe Driver School Bus Award  Marked 1/10 10KGF [link removed] 
 Calendar marked. Take care everyone and stay safe! Best wishes from everyone at @diditmarketing! #prprochat
 It's October and winter tire rules kick in today on marked highways - remember to stay safe & obey these signs 
 @Jholt915 fairly safe at those places, as long as you stay out of the clearly marked "KEEP OUT" spaces
 Keep your family safe with products marked by the Sisel Safe seal. The seal means that those products are... http://fb.me/7xKgEKB7z 
 Third Annual Ex-Gay Awareness Month to be Marked by "Safe Exit Summit" @HRC @ItGetsBetter http://frcblog.com/2015/09/third-annual-ex-gay-awareness-month-be-marked-safe-exit-summit/ …
 @IsThisAmy_ haha that's safe! I bet if the cycling lanes in Dun Laoghaire weren't marked for UFOs you would have been fine
 @Theon_Turncloak He turns to Theon. "Your wife shall be safe with Ser Godry, rest assured. He is an honourable man." The pock-marked knight-
 @HMOIndia female migration / trafficking  well marked in SAARC REGION. Big cities in India are safe destination for neighbouring countries.
 I understand market economy but running gear that is marked up 30-50% because it reflects is lame.  Shouldn't you want customers to be safe?
 @Jacqueline_Gold #WOW CE marked socks toys, safe from birth so fab for all ages! Ambassadors for @Missionmotorspt
 Sept 28 marked the Global Day of Action for Access to Safe and Legal Abortion. Amnesty International’s Louise Carmody spoke to the nurse
 Getting on a streetcar in downtown SF marked "Training Vehicle". Unsure if this will be a scary or an extremely safe ride.
 I wish Google Maps bike directions could differentiate safe, divided bike paths (Hornby) from harmful fictions marked thusly (W Pender).
 Tricolor dp r the same ones who put black dot during nirbhaya,rainbow pics, n marked themselves safe during Nepal earthquake wen in Mumbai
 @Culbert_Report @AFL_PKeane They'e in the safe with the compensation pick instructions marked, 'never to be seen'.
 2 friends were marked safe during blood moon ah re
 Peaceful & strong communities should not be marked by countries' borders. Everyone should be able to feel safe wherever they are. #2030NOW
 Why Has FDA Allowed a Drug Marked 'Not Safe for Use in Humans' to Be Fed to Livestock Right Before Slaughter@alternet 
 Marked as to-read: Better Than Safe by Lane Hayes http://goodreads.com/review/show/1401605251 …
 Sun is out, roads cops are out and about, marked and unmarked patrols all weekend please keep us happy, drive safe & ride safe.
 First safe abortion service day marked http://dlvr.it/CGY7f1 
 fml. "No class in libgdx is thread-safe unless explicitely marked as thread-safe in the class documentation." https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Threading …
 @iPage  is almost blackmailing me...again blocked my sites marked safe by google , scurri and all leading scanners Cannot move my site
 Erika Batista was marked as safe while Facebook was down  #badjoke #facebookisdown #wtf
 @BabiesSafeHaven I loved seeing these signs in @AlbanyDiocese . Every city should have their safe havens clearly marked.
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley http://goodreads.com/review/show/1399243902 …
 @Fortytherapy Ah yes, I can see this parcel has been marked as leave safe by the sender for this, I'm glad to hear it's arrived for you now,
 @Phoenixarised @MartinDaubney  because nowadays, feeling good and "safe" trumps logic, reason, intelligence, and common fucking sense
 Fernando Gallardo was marked safe during Chile Earthquake. http://on.fb.me/1QYEDbC 
 @GryffinDrkBreed @One_marked @stephentotilo it's pretty safe to say that at this point, google knows: 
 Prosecutor: Short life of Baby Doe marked by neglect, abuse http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAeyYhW?ocid=st … So many would have cared for this baby,She is safe nowRIP
 Facebook tells me my friends were marked as "safe" after an earthquake. 
 @Roewoof @One_marked safe from what? The main threat to blacks is other blacks and Latino gangs
 Good to know: all my friends in chile are marked as safe now. I hope you're fine over there Daniel Bermont,... http://fb.me/7DMgSIwtU 
 Just got a Facebook notification. Someone was marked safe during the Chile earthquake. Anybody get these all the time?
 Start the week out safe. Check your caribiners to see that gate strength is marked at least 3600 lbs.  This does... http://fb.me/zJ2harS3 
 A recent spate of burglaries around the Hale/Hale Barns area has seen a marked heightening of security in the area. Be vigilant and be safe!
 Me tiene más que chato las notificaciones de "were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" en Facebook. 
 Safe to say I marked my territory... Sorry boys  @ Sigma Chi Memphis https://instagram.com/p/74F5pMjIH6ml_sRMLWdEaOgM0hOx6LfDXR5zk0/ …
 Melissa Gomez marked herself safe during chile earthquake. -10 mins later  He likes your safety status
 Irony: This site from @google was marked by @chrome as being a phishing risk. http://betagoogle.com/  (it's totally safe. you should look)
 Marked as to-read: Safe from the Neighbors by Steve Yarbrough http://goodreads.com/review/show/1396717851 …
 @lamalditairish "Pablo Alarcon were marked SAFE during and after Chile Fiestas Patrias Tiqui Tiqui Tiiiiii"
 I have marked and putted 6" putts because I haven't heard it given. Sometimes they weren't! Better safe than sorry
 Marked as to-read: Better Than Safe by Lane Hayes http://goodreads.com/review/show/1396385175 …
 It's really comforting everytime i see friends marked safe from chile earthquake in facebook. Really
 UNH student studying in Chile has marked herself as 'safe' on Facebook - The New Hampshire http://dlvr.it/CCKTd6 
 @unfathomablelrh http://www.apowersoft.com/site-to-convert-youtube-to-mp3.html … they have a bunch listed here all marked "Safe" maybe worth a try, just dont break ur comp!
 Several bags of biscuits, one marked safe. So uh, should I assume the others arent? :P Also xox @SaysElizabeth
 Siento muy bonito de ver el "marked himself safe during Chile Earthquake" en su perfil, que felicidad me da que esté bien 
 Drama exam re-marked.. It's safe to say I've lost all trust in the examination system!! How could you miss 9 marks the first time round??
 lena_bam was marked safe during Chile Earthquake !!! Thank God !!! Abrazzo https://instagram.com/p/7x4eE8AUHq/ 
 Marked as to-read: No Safe House by Linwood Barclay http://goodreads.com/review/show/1395179902 …
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe for Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1395179024 …
 Sending love & prayers to #ChileQuake I am so thankful to know that my friends Paula, Carla, & Nayita are marked safe
 2 of my facebook friends in Chile are not yet marked safe from the earthquake. I hope they're both okay! Stay safe, everyone.
 One by one I am seeing Facebook friends in Chile being "marked safe" after the quake. A very useful Facebook feature for friends and family.
 Apparently there's an earthquake in Chile?! I only know bc some Echies I have on fb marked themselves as safe. I rly like that fb option.
 "If I was the Kansas City defense I wouldn't blitz. I would play it safe."  Marked for a self contradiction in a few minutes. #DENvsKC
 Big thank you to @facebook for creating a notification that marked my Chilean friends as safe. It means so much. #ChileQuake
 I got 50 notifications on FB of ppl that is marked safe
 @SNGreenways safe routes would think both these intersections fine - clearly marked xwalks. Guess we cld elevate or put in diverters.
 Even minor things impress.  Every doorway at the academy has danger zones marked to train recruits to always be safe. 
 No empiecen con el "was marked safe during Chile Earthquake" manga de putos.
 "Marinela Chavez was marked safe during Chile Earthquake"  GRACIAS DIOS
 Really grateful for the "marked safe in chile earthquake" post option on Facebook
 danas mi stize obavestenje: (neki tamo cileanac) marked himself safe during earthquake KAKO ME ZABOLE ALI STVARNO PLACEM UMIREM BRISEM SUZE
 @stampylongnose maybe in order to keep your house and dogs safe, build a new doghouse right across from your bedroom in that empty space out
 @NeilShaw Was the parcel possibly left in a safe location but marked with a name? If not, please contact us: http://amzn.to/1owg7A4  ^JF
 This "marked safe" feature in @Facebook is amazing. Helps me know loved ones are ok during catastrophic events
 Anybody get a "_____ ______ was marked safe during the Chile Earthquake" notification from FB? Has this existed for a while?
 http://youtu.be/gzoCZQMlkq4   Two friends marked as safe  Melissa Tola and Jason Marcelo Mandujano Alarcon Prayers... 
 Why are Facebook sending me notifications to let me know people are "marked safe" after the Chilean earthquake?
 i have a few friends from chile and i just got a notif that one of them had been "marked safe" after the earthquake that is SO COOL
 @erie oh wow, they have to check in to keep themselves marked as safe?
 If you are staying at @RenoPeppermill consider riding to the venue for a warmup, we have a 4.4mi safe route marked 
 so a new feature of my life is ‘… has been marked safe’ popping up in my notifications.
 @facebook using its purpose for good by having people "marked as safe" if they are in #chile during the earthquake. 
 Kudos to Facebook for their "Marked Safe" feature for disasters--very happy to know that my Chilean students and colleagues are okay.
 Facebook just told me a girl was marked as "safe" in the earthquake in chile so that's a pretty cool new feature
 Such-and-such people "were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" hahaha.
 Am I late to the boat on the FB 'marked safe' alert for emergencies? Either way, good improvement. #socialmediaworld
 my Chilean ex-housemate marked herself “safe” from the earthquake, which is kind of nice
 Increíble que facebook haya reaccionado tan rápido al terremoto en Chile. El sistema de marked safe es buenísimo.
 So very grateful for the Facebook notices about friends in Chile being marked safe. 
 Holy cow Facebook has a "safety" feature for earthquakes! Just got a notification that a friend of mine in Chile was just marked safe.
 Someone I know who lives in Chile marked herself safe from the earthquake. I hope that the dumbasses here don't abuse that
 Have you guys seen this @facebook Safety Check feature where a friend is 'marked as safe'? Just noticed it after Chile earthquake.
 In a new yet creepy feature, shoutout to Facebook for telling me that all my Chilean friends were "marked safe" during the earthquake
 No sabia que tenia 14 amigos en Chile, hasta que los vi "marked safe" en FB
 Great usage of social media  #chile #markedsafe @facebook
 very thankful that facebook notified that my family was marked as safe through the earthquake #prayforchilé
 My friend in Chile marked herself safe when I was about to ask her via FB this morning. She could feel the quake, though. What a relief!
 So far, 5 of my friends have marked themselves "safe" on the Chile earthquake facebook page:... 
 I love Facebook's "marked safe" feature. Woke up to a notification on my phone that two of my friends were safe... http://fb.me/2mBJxtAMY 
 Facebook helping with peace of mind - Got a new type of notification that a friend is 'marked' safe in the #Chilie... http://fb.me/C6euZxvo 
 Hace unos años para saber de mis amigos en Chile les escribía por Facebook, hoy FB me los notifica "marked as safe". Jeezz Zuckerberg
 Two FIFA MA classmates in Chile marked themselves safe on Facebook. Interesting feature of Facebook I actually like!
 How does the claim "he kept us safe" generate big applause for George W. Bush only 5 days after the nation marked 9/11? NO HE DIDN'T.
 No sabía lo de facebook y su 'marked safe' para las catástrofes... Woah.
 A friend of mine lives in Chile and just marked himself as “safe” from the earthquake on Facebook. So cool. #Finovate
 Love this #Facebook feature | #marked #safe #Chile #earthquake #markedsafe 
 I just received an alert that some of my personal friends were "marked safe" during the Chile earthquake this... 
 I am impressed with @facebook "marked safe" feature from the #ChileQuake showing my friends who are ok...very helpful
 "Luis was marked safe during his day in Caracas" #sadbuttrue
 just had a contact in chile 'marked safe' on fb for the earthquake. cool feature!
 Situación sentimental: marked himself safe.
 @stephparker when this originally debuted, I marked myself safe (even though I wasn’t in the area at all) and people got mad.
 Interesting new Facebook feature for emergency situations: tells you which friends are in affected area & marked safe 
 S/o to Facebook for letting me see that all my friends and family are marked safe from the earthquake. #VivaChile
 Todos mis amigos chilenos están "marked safe" luego del terremoto, gracias Facebook!
 Thanks @facebook love the new 'friends marked safe' feature 
 @akidMer sAME hannah is in chile and marked herself safe. I was really worried
 appreciate Facebook's "I'm safe" feature. Notified upon login that some of my Chile-residing friends have marked themselves safe :)
 Wow, Facebook is actually brilliant! It's notifying me of everyone in Chile who has since marked themselves safe and alive so far!
 This is a good feature on facebook. A friend of mine just marked himself as safe after the earthquake in Chile. 
 "125 friends were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" facebook culiao, me importa un dick.
 Very interesting. I just got a notification that one of my friends traveling through Chile has marked himself as safe 
 Gripe abt Facebook tho one will, did my heart good to wake up & see many Chilean friends & in-laws marked "Safe in the earthquake" w the app
 Funny how the people that are marked safe are the people I couldn't give two fucks about.
 Really cool to see the @facebook "marked safe" feature. @LauSMarti @viquezivan @tanyadepoli
 Mabel Malebran Flores and Javier Cordova were marked safe during Chile Earthquake. http://on.fb.me/1P2qby2 
 Albert Lloreta was marked safe during la campanya electoral.
 Friends marked safe 15/37. :/ https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/terremotochileseptiembre2015/ …
 I also marked safe during the earthquake on Facebook. Feeling mainstream. But this one was necessary.
 One Facebook feature that I truly appreciate is the one that indicates which of your friends in a disaster zone has been "marked safe."
 Que tal el nuevo "Lifetime Event" en Facebook "Marked himself safe during Chile's 8,3 Eartquake" ... Se pasó!
 I am glad to see so many of you in Chile are marked safe. It is known after a big earthquake or zunamii or both... http://fb.me/5vaZ3l6qE 
 Woa bei so einer   MARKED SAFE  Meldung auf Facebook bekomme ich noch immer Gänsehaut. 
 칠레 사는 페친이 무사하다고 알러 옴 XXX marked himself safe during Chile Earthquake.
 Guy on facebook I don't know was just marked safe during an earthquake I didn't hear about.
 So far 3 of my friends from Chile have been marked safe from the earthquake. Hoping to see more!  Be safe eVeryone!
 Facebook friend is marked safe with the FB Safety Check. Nice service, new to me. 
 Friends Marked Safe feature by Facebook -- I like -- looks like a useful utility. Glad to see those marked safe in Chile.
 Facebook's 'marked safe' feature during natural disasters is brilliant.  #ChileQuake
 Facebook has a great feature where you can see your relatives marked as safe during disasters. #ChileQuake
 Love the fact that Facebook sends me notifications of all my relatives in Chile that have been marked safe. 
 Say what you will about excessive social media, but the Facebook "marked safe" feature is giving me comfort as I think of Chile tonight.
 I got a msg on Facebook about FB friend who marked safe in Chile earthquake area - location service - sometimes it help, but privacy is zero
 Qué es eso de "were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" en FB? Quiero para cuando me suba a una combi en Lima.
 Okay so my step sister was marked safe...NOW I CAN SLEEP IN PEACE (kinda)
 I just got a notification of someone being marked "safe" from a Chilean Earthquake?
 ugh thank goodness my chilean friend finally marked himself as safe on fb
 Javier Cordova was marked safe during Chile Earthquake. http://on.fb.me/1OxHn0d 
 Blessed that my family in Chile were marked safe for tonight. Praying for all the other families out there #ChileQuake
 Jesus.  FB just alerted me that my friend was marked safe during the Chilean earthquake
 My sister's host family lives in Vina del Mar Chile near the coast- happy to see marked as safe on Facebook but my heart is with them tonite
 @harrydiamxnds yeah it said "Camila was marked safe during Chile Earthquake" on my phone and i was like !!!!!!!!!!
 The "marked safe" tool on #facebook is sooooo cool 
 so face book tells me which of my family members in Chile was marked as safe after the earthquake 
 Photoset: 30minchallenge: One of these was originally marked nsfw, but I feel it’s pretty safe. Anywho,... 
 My cologne bottle broke in my passenger seat  safe to say anyone who sits there will be marked with my scent 
 We all know kinda what's safe or not we think  so I saw truck rolling marked city of.  Reading computer screen  I guess we all do it
 @EnfieldCouncil was marked with "Enfield Council" as well. Keep Enfield Streets safe. Will report to police as well.
 @notshineesminho we get marked on how involved the others in my lab section are so i wanted to open with a cyber bullying ad bc... SYBR SAFE
 FINE ANTIQUE AMERICAN GORHAM MARKED SILVER ALLIGATOR PATTERN POCKET MATCH SAFE …http://special-online-deals-impressive-offers.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=400995775953 …
 @MissJenFABULOUS I wish that was there when people were pretending to be marked safe in Nepal, that was not cool
 Marked as to-read: Keep Me Safe by Maya Banks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1392662539 …
 Marked as to-read: Play Safe by Amber Garza http://goodreads.com/review/show/1392475931 …
 Family birthdays today – age is just time, marked by hands on a clock. Loving Father, hold us safe in your hands at every age. Amen #pray
 Antique Deposit Cast Iron Safe Bank 1890s Marked …http://cheap-items-online-exquisite-product.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=171934062906 …
 Antique Limoges Match Striker - Match Safe, Marked A Haviland.. http://arnd.co/SykgS  #Etsyshop #gotvintage
 Remember: The only safe place to cross #traintracks is at authorized and properly marked crossings! #ownsafety
 Tonight we'd like to know, who's horses are freeze marked and microchipped? Better safe than sorry with all the horses around being stolen!
 All of my art is marked, SAFE, that's me.  Today, I'm sharing with you my works. Bless!   
 Youth being reported for vandalising a marked police vehicle. One less police vehicle to keep people safe.
 @shinynhappy It's not the bullet with your name on it. It's the one marked "to whom it may concern." Be safe.
 Properly marked cross walks in your parking area alerts pedestrians of the safe and proper places to cross traffic. #LineStriping#Crosswalks
 We are in #Stratford today, come along to get your bike marked for FREE from 4:30-7:30pm. Keep it safe #OpWiggins #Cyclesecureweek
 @atgiggleswick The little grey dog was rescued.  Marked "safe."  God bless the rescuers of all these babies.
 Mom's home safe and sound. I got 2 lessons done with Bible marked. It is amazing when you follow a prophecy from... http://fb.me/4aPow7Bi3 
 We need well-marked BIKE LANES along busy commuter routes-- to keep RIDERS SAFE !
 @CallMISSDIG 811 at least 3 days before digging - have underground utilities marked. Be safe & avoid costly damages. 
 @njhickey No different to any other form of media impersonation though. Most parody accounts marked as such are completely safe.
 Safe to say I successfully completed my last first day of high school. Today marked the start of yet another adventure. #familyof2k16
 @McAfee My partner's website is marked as 'this link is dangerous'. He's a Yoga Teacher Please help us to make it appear safe
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe for Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1385699246 …
 @bmorekarl @YanniKouts Great idea: let's re-live WWII when passports were marked w/ religion & refugees converted to Christianity to be safe
 http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/09/06/las-vegas-cops-shooting/71828666/ …  This shit has to stop. LEO's aren't safe in marked vehicles at a red light? Wtf is going on??
 A culture of food safety is marked by employees who believe safe food practices are the right thing to do. http://ow.ly/i/aHUZ3 
 @hannahsarney have just book marked him in the itinerary - 10 mins less inside La Sagrada Familia but what the hey! Safe travels!
 this day marked when we broke apart. our once thriving euphoria became severed. no one was safe after this day. 
 Scholarships in that marked moms hereinto we are under common market programs make safe that oneself run unfasten interpenetration:…
 And if people talk behind your back, it's safe because it's well marked #zorro #bodybuilder   #borntoshine
 @ellisoncross @fullmoonvista That's some fine looking tape! Thx for keeping the course marked off & safe! #EllisonCX
 Have a safe & fun Labor Day weekend, make sure these dates are marked on your calendar. 
 If a toilet is marked "out of order," it's a safe bet that you should not use it
 The roads in Ireland are so safe and calm and marked out
 @cityoftopeka who would I contact to see why my front yard was safe dig marked yesterday? No notice of any work sent to me.
 Finally found my lost charms, safe in a box marked Unfinished/Ready to Photo... after a massive… https://instagram.com/p/7IfviJv0BK/ 
 Photo: Food Allergy Tip of The Day: Don’t overspend on new, pre-packaged groceries marked allergy safe! As... 
 Police now marked their Speed camera vehicles. Drive safe and slow down. :)   - 
 It's National Preapredness Month! Prepare your facility with clearly marked signs to enusre safe evacuation. http://bit.ly/1JBhgin 
 @nemestan  Stay safe. Make sure your winter rubber is marked with the  symbol.
 @Diane_7A @harrietclare321 "not marked confidential." What? No one said water balloons aren't a safe alternative to contraception, but ...
 #Debian package safe-iop_0.3.1-1_amd64.changes has been marked for REJECT by #ftpmaster
 @minerjp @BJHare @dailykos nothing was found marked confidential. You are safe. Push to enact restrictions instead of after fact vendetta
 L. G. Balfour Co. North Carolina Safe Driver School Bus Award  Marked 1/10 10KGF …http://cheap-items-for-sale-exclusive-reviews.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=151797586593 …
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe For Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1376638286 …
 @varunarun438 Herrera's productive style means the passes coming from central change from safe balls to marked men to balls in behind for
 A little Lucia Rattle, all cd marked and safe from birth. You can order these for a boy or girl and make a great... http://fb.me/7mNBg36bh 
 @SassafrasStarr @piersmorgan @Mike_Randazzo34 if it doesn't show a marked correlation I'll be very surprised. "Yes we can" make US less safe
 @GuyWoolnough The photograph marks the criminal both as dangerous and safe. The villain has been caught and marked by the photo #bavs2015
 Can we have official Hitchhiking spots with shelter and marked safe places for cars to pull over?  @sarahwollaston
 Bă, dar checkin nu vă dați să fiți solidari cu refugiații? Hai că vreau să vă văd "marked as safe" în camion!!!
 Marked as to-read: Safe Haven by Nicholas Sparks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1375095111 …
 @JokimDawar was just marked safe in the August Apocalypse
 @NASA @NatlParkService would be cool to see a SatMap with marked out areas where wolves are safe from being hunted @nywolforg @UKWolfTrust
 #Littleton Police Station marked as online exchange safe zone and new hours for the Transfer Station. http://littleton.wickedlocal.com/article/20150819/NEWS/150816208 …
 THE WORLD IS NOT SAFE. Gay and Marked for Death 
 Comm sail is coming marked g safe move
 @ClacesDelena Ohhhhhhhhh is downloading now. I think I know what was the problem. You were marked as non safe contact
 @areebasiddique it was in junk. Marked you safe. Will respond to you by tonight.
 @SILVERLlNlNG thank you, you and me both! 2-3 (if you count the marked sun roof) needs to be replaced but we're safe and that's all that
 #Debian package haskell-quickcheck-safe_0.1.0.1-1_amd64.changes has been marked for ACCEPT by #ftpmaster
 Great, safe value pack! All established marked leaders, power brands, quality Mgmts, innovative biz models! @porinju
 (2) Metal safe banks  1 IS MARKED FORT KNOX …http://cheap-items-for-sale-exclusive-reviews.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=331634957440 …
 @AFarmhousePhish mind the tape marked out on the grass and you will be safe.
 @hitbOxy @Nick_Haywood So the areas marked in black and red are vulnerable :P Thanks God Oxy is safe <3 xD
 Midnight, August 21st, 2015 is marked a Moose Run. Little do they know I sat in the basement below, safe from all nekkedness
 Everything on this rack and on top of the safe has been marked down to $15 or less! Most items are… https://instagram.com/p/6kiENCq6jp/ 
 Keep everyone safe by safe digging marked utilities #SafeDig #HydroExcavation http://ow.ly/QMCPr 
 In South Africa? What do you think is a reasonable mountain bike trail fee to ride (per day) on safe, marked, maintained trails?
 May not seem a big deal to others, but 5 years ago today.. marked a change in my life that still keeps me safe today.
 Marked as to-read: Safe at Last by Maya Banks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1068298814 …
 #tbt to when people marked themselves as safe from the earthquake in nepal on facebook when they actually lived on a different continent
 @SRKswarrior1 Meanwhile I m marked Safe From Bhaitard Show 2nite.  Thank God I don't fllw Kaidi No. 343 :P
 @In_A_Flap @1jamiefoster derek was safe. It was faaaaar too easy. And many of the jokes were taken out of the podcasts with steve and karl
 China wood flooring makers lied about their products being safe. Even those marked safe probably aren't. Formaldehyde is in it. #flooring
 @0oOo0OOoo Things that need to be preserved should be marked with a fail-safe keyword that needs to be renewed every week.
 @KTNKenya Glyphosate is an herbicide #Monsanto thought was safe until the #Roundup of cancer As long as GMOs are marked so I avoid them cool
 i'm pretty sure we should all be marked not safe for life
 Why do they bother labelling #MadeInChina. Pretty safe to assume it is, unless marked otherwise. #ClassIsInSession
 Return t last safe country marked UNWANTED UNEEDED pass back along th route they came rules r rules 1st safe country 
 70 years ago today marked the end of two of the most utterly evil regimes in history. Many men and women died to make the world safe.
 @cathayschris double yellow lines on all junctions. Segregated cycle lanes. Quite, marked safe routes to schools? @beicio @Cycling_Cardiff
 @HeirOfTheMonado "It is just a building that is marked as a safe hiding place for the group I belong to. Anyways, have a seat." She gestures
 @BenedictEvans a home doubles as safe private storage and triples as the equivalent of marked territory - a car is the mobile version of it.
 Safe Harbor on Friday marked the first anniversary of the opening of its Oconee shelter. 
 Antique Limoges Match Safe Holder Striker  Marked A by Duckwells http://etsy.me/1TDxCg1  via @Etsy #GotVintage
 @rusto88 the bike lanes in Sydney are amazing we need them in MA! Keeps the rider safe and clearly marked
 #YouShouldDumpHimORHerIf,she has a calender in her bedroom marked safe days every month
 Find your path in Pacific Beach with newly marked safe bike routes http://bit.ly/1Ml5HkC 
 Cast Iron "Security Safe Deposit" Bank Antique marked Pat. Mar. 1. 87. on bottom ENDING SOON! 
 Marked as to-read: Safe with Me by Kristen Proby http://goodreads.com/review/show/677378384 …
 #RideHappy Get your bike marked for FREE by @metpoliceuk on the Plaza today until 2pm #antitheft #safe #chiswick
 Rural Crime Prevention Tips: - Keep a record of equpiment that is property marked. Any with serial numbers - keep those in a safe place
 Thou shalt only cross railway lines at marked crossings. & only then when safe to do so. http://ow.ly/Qp7HJ  #RSW2015 #MetroTrains 8:100
 I wnna strt a camp marked as"pray the gay away"that secretly affirms teens sent to it in themselves and gives them a safe place and support.
 Find your path in Pacific Beach with newly marked safe bike routes - PB Pathways is moving... http://fb.me/23jONzIib 
 In their office Harriet Harman & Iain McNichol open a safe & pull out the planning document marked "Dallas season 9" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dallas_(1978_TV_series)_(season_9) …
 @AlyssaAlanis13 if the check was marked before the due date there shouldn't be a problem. However you may want to call to be safe.
 County Proclaims Aug. 11 #SafeDigging Day. Call 811 to Get Utility Lines Marked. Be Safe! http://ow.ly/QLW2m 
 @ste_wanz6 I got marked down for being too safe I guess 
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15 1867, Tobacciana .. http://arnd.co/Wi5L8   #vintagefinds #etsystore
 Couple days left of sale,  BID NOW! Cast Iron  Security Safe Deposit  Bank Antique marked Pat. Mar. 1. 87. http://www.ebay.com/itm/-/291535243438?roken=cUgayN&soutkn=H9oVc7 … via @eBay
 Aug. 11-National Safe Digging Day! Remember IA law requires a call to 811 to have underground utility lines marked before breaking ground.
 On 8/11, reminding everyone to dial 8-1-1 have underground lines marked for safe digging. http://www.oups.org/ 
 Stay safe. Always #Call811 before you dig to have underground lines marked. It’s easy, free and required by law. 
 @Little_G2 in a room full of women testing the female version of viagra (if such a thing exists).. That seems fairly safe
 Pretty safe to say @Dorkys253 is marked off of my places to chill (really wasnt to begin with, but...). Unfortunate, cool idea. No more.
 Friday marked the end of this year’s #Summer #Kids at Carroll. Have a safe & happy school year. See you next summer! 
 Check out Cast Iron "Security Safe Deposit" Bank Antique marked Pat. Mar. 1. 87. on bottom  http://www.ebay.com/itm/-/291535243438?roken=cUgayN&soutkn=H9oVc7 … via @eBay
 Safe Travel Accommodations for American Business Personnel Marked by U.S. Senator Pat Toomey http://allradionews.com/safe-travel-accommodations-for-american-business-personnel-marked-by-u-s-senator-pat-toomey/ …
 Egypt is Safe campaign  Thursday marked the inauguration of a new 22-mile section of the Suez Canal in Egypt. It... 
 prodution safe marked himself  Earth  queke
 NEW: The districts listed below have been marked as "safe" from #StormSellbot, for those who want to play normally.
 Office Depot had a label printer marked down from $29.99 to $10.00. It's safe to say I now possess such a label maker.
 @AbuBuha We don't recommend travel without a map or sans knowing how to read clearly marked road signs. We are trying to keep you safe. :-)
 Ideally your Senate leader is from a very safe seat and has no marked tendency to look out for herself or himself.
 “Temporary safe zones being announced for tranquility and safety” says AKP’s news agency. Regions marked in East: 
 @dailysuitcase looks like it was a great #TravelToppers chat! We've marked our calendars for the next one! Happy & safe travels!
 Carly Fiorina looked great in the "Kids Table Debate". So good, Seacrest has marked her safe, for next time. #GOP #FoxDebate #FoxNews
 (2) Metal safe banks  1 IS MARKED FORT KNOX …http://cheap-items-for-sale-exclusive-reviews.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=231644662991 …
 Safe disposal location:  Open rear window of Irsay's Range Rover, into bag marked "Candy" 
 @Emjarto Så ja: helt rimelig at forlagene kjører safe. Ikke minst i et marked hvor salget av iPad har falt 23% på et år.
 The beaches marked below are currently not safe for swimming... 
 Marked as to-read: Safe at Home by Christina Kirby http://goodreads.com/review/show/1355473688 …
 @fat_tush but but but safe space, modern society, muh rights to not feel sad, etc etc
 @sahardirection5 @Harry_Styles @onedirection @WtrozeMalik  Today is the marked date for the harry death threat.were just trying to be safe
 Safe Travel Accommodations for American Business Personnel Marked by U.S. Senator Pat Toomey http://binged.it/1Dp6cc6  @veraroos
 NOW: Can Newtown remain safe for late night revelers after marked increase in patronage? @jennyleong joins Stuart on #2UE
 FINE ANTIQUE AMERICAN GORHAM MARKED SILVER ALLIGATOR PATTERN POCKET MATCH SAFE …http://cheap-deals-online-unbelievable-deals.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=400971872546 …
 @colinebbrell your cards marked down there mate, stay safe. (I've used that one already today but its late)
 Hearing that government accredited lab just marked Maggi safe for consumption. Lawsuit coming right up!
 Hi the orthodontist just marked my gums with dry erase marker.... Is that safe????
 @ZombieHangout Hey, since you marked this as a favorite, I wanted to let you know that Sammy is safe. 
 Antique Deposit Cast Iron Safe Bank 1890s Marked …http://cheap-items-online-exquisite-product.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=181822323197 …
 @suemolly I marked it in my calendar this year :) Hope you got what I made & it was okay. Stay safe :)
 Nothing safe nearby. But rarely take this unsafe sharrow marked road for more than a block & then always take the lane @lizbon @boyonabike62
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15 1867, Tob... #etsytrending http://etsy.me/1FrzgJZ 
 Marked as to-read: Safe, Sane, and Consensual by Darren Langdridge http://goodreads.com/review/show/1351893430 …
 Think it's safe to say i just won SO HARD at monopoly... Marked  is mine and  is Paulas.... 
 @friendsrelec aw definitely marked fragile! make sure he's safe on moving day w/ these #movingwithPets tips #packing
 @norcalteam1 Catch and control that Frog Fire Guys!  Kudos to you!  Stay Safe! Be careful out there as the roads are not marked very well.
 @kukkurovaca there was a gun safe by the exit door that was hand-marked down to $299 from $349.  Pretty tempting
 @greateranglia 1750 LST/NRW has at least 3 sets of doors locked & marked not out if use - is this considered safe?
 As yes, that feeling when a package marked "Do not safe drop" is just left sticking out of the mailbox. Thanks, Canada Post!
 Make sure your bike is safe by getting it marked in the market tomorrow from 11am - 2pm South Street outside Lloyds bank
 Marked as to-read: Your God is Too Safe by Mark Buchanan http://goodreads.com/review/show/1350524881 …
 Marked as to-read: The Safe Word by Karen  Long http://goodreads.com/review/show/1350413050 …
 Call 8-1-1 to have underground utility lines marked for safe digging. https://www.puco.ohio.gov/puco/index.cfm/media-room/media-releases/puco-reminds-you-to-call-click-or-tap-before-you-dig/ …
 Not to mention the are endangered species and they have a marked off territory where they know they're safe yet this one was lured out of
 @The_J_Cobb @stefanibaez1 I'd have to assume he launches his own brand of canned tuna. Rest assured, label will not b marked "dolphin safe"
 Completely different case @Katie_Cronin. He used a socket marked not for public use as it wasn't safe to charge. I'm: 
 @Independent @thatkaitlyn 1. He's a rep for illegal hunt 2. Tagged n marked lion led out of safe zone 3. He shouldnt be doing it #Cecil
 Safe to say that both Credit The Giver and Camlann will both show marked improvement on previous runs in the 6.05 at Galway today...
 Went to @DeadwoodSD tonight and enjoyed the sites. The area is so clean and safe! Restaurants aren't marked well, look in casinos.
 First 3 chapters give you the following items from the safe: Coin Magnet, 2X Coins (yes, really) and Bottles Marked On The Map.
 It's safe to say that Grizz fans have marked down the dates that we play the Thunder.
 #TrafficTipTuesday: Cars parked in marked bike lanes risk cyclist safety. Avoid a citation & keep our roads safe! 
 Already on our calendar! Do you have it marked on yours? Let's keep our teens safe on the road. #careinmotion
 Come meet the team, get your bicycle security marked and learn a bit about keeping safe on two wheels in the city! 
 Last week marked 1yr of no new #polio cases in #Nigeria; @UNICEF & @Rotary immunization programs help keep kids safe 
 The USSSA World Championship marked the last games as an OBJ for me. It's safe to say that this was… https://instagram.com/p/5noj4QIZJh/ 
 BE SAFE going home tonight from the Corvette Invasion. The local sheriff's office will be on site in marked and... http://fb.me/54IBmg2lg 
 Dear lord, almost accidentally marked a bunch of spam as not spam instead of deleting it. I recovered quickly to delete. I'm safe, guys.
 @PF_Steve As soon as you hit 10k subs you slam a button marked "FAME" and a safe opens revealing a folder marked "Gross Racist Tweet Drafts"
 Another insulated garage roller door installation, all safe, CE marked and fully compliant to the construction products regulation.
 Pedestrians should cross the street only in marked crosswalks or at corners! The @SantaMonicaPD wants you to be safe! #SantaMonica #safety
 @One_marked I can't understand it, I was on safe search.  That poor child.   Ta x
 Ever had an email marked NSFW (Not Safe For Work)? It means the email contains adult content or is not work related http://www.cyberdefinitions.com/definitions/NSFW.html …
 #pikachu was 20p and being sold in a box marked "dog toys" nooooooo!!! You are safe now baby pokman 
 You can only be marked as safe if you’ve fashioned for yourself a God small and tame. --> 
 Keep your bikes safe in Sydenham Ward - get it marked 2day 
 @realdavedoubleu @andyburnhammp just been reading 25 billion more cuts ear marked for November no one is safe .
 to my sissy, have a safe flight dords..another travels and adventures marked on ur bucket list..see u… https://instagram.com/p/5YBVw7TNeB/ 
 I ordered a vegetable fried rice, and a chicken fried rice. Beni's marked a "v" on a box. Safe to assume it's the veggie rice, right?
 @NeilWBallingall biggest concern is the clear health & safety issue with potential risk as guests walk along site with no safe path marked
 Rolling swim start @Ironman_UK, off & racing here this morn. Great to see a safe, spacious & well marked mass IM swim 
 @FarOutAkhtar Agr Facebook par safe marked ho, to zinda ho tum =D
 @Gwenelope a) Consider the matter settled, and enjoy it safe in the knowledge it is kite marked b) who is this 'Bennet' with one T?
 While the cycle is security marked the owner fills in a registration form 
 One of our more recognisable visitors getting his cycle marked 
 The sun is shining on #TunbridgeWells. Come along to the Velo House Cafe to get your cycles security marked for free
 Marked as to-read: Safe Haven by Nicholas Sparks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1337771791 …
 House committee advances voluntary GMO labeling bill - The Hill GMO foods can still be marked natural The Safe and... http://ow.ly/31vy2N 
 Antique English 9K GOLD Vesta Case / Match Safe Fully Marked EXCELLENT CONDITION …http://high-class-last-minute-offer.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=151748876140 …
 All swimsuits are on sale for 1/2 off the marked price at Safe Haven Thrift Shop. Come find that bargain! http://fb.me/4nDPV7WL7 
 I think it's safe to say our hive that is marked orange is the most well trained... #bees #ecology
 Marked safe in Nepal earthquake  Lives in Bangalore.  #FacebookiyasBeLike
 #FacebookiyasBeLike "Marked safe during Nepal earthquake!"  Location: Pune, Maharashtra.
 Today, H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015, will be marked up in the House Agriculture... http://fb.me/1BzCBKsqc 
 #KumbhMela 2015 is marked by millions of devotees plunge into the river Godavari. Wishes all a safe journey in Nasik 
 Teedò was marked, no one is safe 
 #actors Reels tip #2: If yr reel has lots of dramatic stuff laced w/profanity, how about a 2nd reel marked "Safe For Kids" or SFK (vs NSFK)?
 @littletinca24 Hopefully safe and busy though. Marked car tonight?
 Parking in marked bays only (without residents permits) appears to be a liberal option to keep parking safe as Sci Park Station opens.
 @SouthernMalachi @itvlondon .... Where as any marked not for public use are only safe in depot areas. Safer to use USB power banks
 Tomorrow, H.R. 1599, Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015 will be marked up by full House Committee on Agriculture at 10:00 a.m.
 TIL: If you suffix a translation key with `html` in rails, the value will be automatically marked html_safe.  http://guides.rubyonrails.org/i18n.html#using-safe-html-translations …
 Lrt tho, it is on everyone to make it so there are a) gender neutral restrooms & b) trans ppl feel safe in restroom marked w/ their gender
 Marked as to-read: A Safe Girl To Love by Casey Plett http://goodreads.com/review/show/1333057307 …
 Safe from cars on the Bayshore Blvd sidewalk! Hey @MyFDOT_Tampa: it would be perfect with marked bike/ped lanes. 
 @One_marked @dearaunty @smallthunderdog @MartinDaubney Daily battle.  schools all over, nowhere safe. Where to house them?
 @AboutNetBasics the much-touted https://kat.cr/  is now marked dangerous with malware by Google safe browsing...beta test your links?
 #KCA #VoteJKT48ID SurreyRoadCops: maidagfj oh come on driver passes marked car thinks it safe to speed, passes unmarked & is uninsured. Got…
 Marked safe from ISIS at EXIT Festival.
 @BreezeRidesLinc I want the Council to ensure all cycle crossings are marked safely and cycle lanes and safe crossings in all new A roads
 Marked as to-read: The One Safe Place by Tania Unsworth http://goodreads.com/review/show/1330411094 …
 Remember, it’s easy to be rail safe, all you have to do is… ONLY cross railway tracks at marked crossings! #ownsafety #seetracksthink
 @maidagfj oh come on driver passes marked car thinks it safe to speed, passes unmarked & is uninsured. Gotta be a bit smug we caught him/her
 @AdharmaMusic There's a clearly marked spoiler section at the bottom, so you're safe as long as you don't go there.
 @canadaposthelps - expensive item clearly marked and shipped as "Do Not Safe Drop" left on my doorstep #notimpressed #poorservice
 Marked the swindle sheet aside choosy the maximum on safe online church providers: eJmrkH
 Marked, taken a screenshot, it's been mailed and safe in my dropbox  
 Antique Limoges Match Safe Holder Striker - Marked http://arnd.co/2dLxk   #etsymntt #etsyretwt
 When you're amazed bc you're 1 mark off of an A and it turns out your teacher over marked your mock by 10 and you just reach a C...safe Miss
 Also every other store on this street has a rainbow flag, there is a rainbow crosswalk, and stores that are marked as lgbt safe spaces!!
 @T2DRemission @WTBunting @CaptBlueButton We will look it in a safe box marked illegible, is that familiar enough? Safe enough?
 Marked as to-read: Safe in His Arms by Melody Anne http://goodreads.com/review/show/1326601431 …
 In Beirut passed pock-marked building that looks like left as was at end of civil war 30 years ago Reminds one how safe Americans really are
 Hope everyone had a very fun, happy, safe Fourth of July! This guy has been marked down from $130 to… https://instagram.com/p/4wcJykD03k/ 
 @OPUWarks @akstratford Yeah when you get caught in a marked car, using your phone - you know you're not safe to drive using a phone!
 Hey! What do you think of HtmlTag render element's prefix and suffix can be marked safe when they are not? I'm try… http://ift.tt/1GXQaka 
 Today has been marked on my calendar for awhile! Going to be a fun day and hope to see everyone out and about. Be safe and Happy 4th #Merica
 (2) Metal safe banks  1 IS MARKED FORT KNOX …http://cheap-items-for-sale-exclusive-reviews.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=331597911313 …
 @One_marked @luluferocious @K_IngalaSmith I'm scared I think I need safe space.
 @cityofissaquah the Newport Way x-walk where kid was hit is well marked and safe.  I'm on that road often.  It's the safe pedestrian route.
 @Rekcana what kind of emulator? I have a gameboy emulator that my antivirus marked as safe, I could try finding the download again
 July 1st marked the 43rd Anniversary for Nebraska's NRDs!  Have a safe 4th of July weekend!
 People should read that there's a "marked as sensitive media" option, use it and complain less. Keeping a safe TL sometimes is a must-
 Oh, and someone just passed on the right, on 35th where lanes aren't marked. Not exactly safe.
 Celebrate Independence Day safely: Even legal fireworks, such as those marked with the “Safe and Sane” seal, c... http://tinyurl.com/ns4ftuw 
 @auroradesu there were Tsunami safe zones marked constantly too. UK get 'above sea level' too at the coast. 
 Miyabis jr; 3 surfside sheriffs. Ocean lakes-new china 2 state troopers,  between new china and glenns bay 2 marked 1 unmarked drive safe
 @WilliamShatner It was awesome to see you in person for the first time ever last week! Marked one off my list! Hope you had a safe trip?
 Marked as to-read: Safe Distance by Megan  Green http://goodreads.com/review/show/1321953852 …
 Marked as to-read: Safe at Last by Maya Banks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1305371321 …
 Calico Rock, Arkansas - Ozark Mountains. This area has many safe and well marked hiking and mountain http://pinterest.com/pin/57632070208466998/ …
 @yfm @smashafrika Actualy they must make sure that they marked more @ Texi Drivers, mybe we would be safe from speeds... #PointOfOrder
 Antique Deposit Cast Iron Safe Bank 1890s Marked …http://cheap-items-online-exquisite-product.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=171841929253 …
 92.1FM in #ROC threatening #police officers if they carry out state law re: SAFE act. 'They will be marked' 'thrown out on their rears'
 HACK UPDATE Link sent through DM is marked as safe through ESET Node32 and McAfee  Still spam though
 @ChipGriffin FYI: @primarydigest was auto-filtered as phishing in my google mail (apps for domain) this morning…I marked it as safe
 (2) Metal safe banks  1 IS MARKED FORT KNOX …http://cheap-items-for-sale-exclusive-reviews.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=331592400307 …
 Desi people with the rainbow coloured DPs are the same people who marked themselves safe during Nepal quake sitting in Delhi.
 It's safe to say that the @IOMIslandGames team have marked their territory at one of the @NWIslandGames hotels...
 सुरक्षित. A student runs into his school building in Bhaktapur which has been marked safe by the… https://instagram.com/p/4Y7PG-KvK3/ 
 @bljacka @charlescwcooke @BuzzFeedAndrew You've got the situation precisely inverted. Low doses well-marked are very safe.
 Use cords marked for outdoor use and rated for your power tool's needs. Work safe and play safe outdoors this summer. http://bit.ly/1HhG16z 
 Every child has the right to play #sports, in a safe, + env marked by @EmpCoaching. #ECSS2015 Childrensrightsinsport
 So is it safe to say that 3x levered Biotech ETFs marked the top in Biotech stocks? (just kidding) (kinda) $ZBIO $UBIO $IBB
 The course is marked and we are gearing up for the first annual Greenville CSD Staff Wellness Day 5K! Safe & happy run to all@BSNENY
 @4randomwords @VictoriaCoren I've marked the entire of September in my calendar just to be safe
 A.L.S. Locksmiths can provide new door furniture like handles and letter plates. Upgraded locking cylinders like snap safe, kite marked...
 All fireworks, including those marked “Safe and Sane,” are illegal in the City. http://longbeachlocalnews.com/2015/06/25/all-fireworks-including-those-marked-safe-and-sane-are-illegal-in-the-city/ …
 Unexcelled seo workshop trendy australia: make safe marked subordination inwards posse engines: gGyFWGM
 4th of July holiday is approaching so remember that all fireworks, including those marked "Safe and Sane" are illegal in @LongBeachCity
 @hotmail why aren't emails marked as Not Junk not automatically added to Safe Sender's list? makes sense to me...
 Just completed my first bike ride along the new Queens Quay. The hype is not for nothing. Safe, well marked route for cyclists #biketo ##
 @HealthyBalance8 Vehicles can temporarily use a cycle lane which is marked by a broken white line (as long as it is safe to do so).
 @ThegoodBuck You’re a marked man now. Spend the money on a safe room.
 Marked as to-read: Safe at Last by Maya Banks http://goodreads.com/review/show/1315833730 …
 My latest dolly stands 15"tall. All my soft toys are Ce marked and safe from birth. They make a beautiful gift... http://fb.me/34bUcZnsW 
 @CityofEdmonton please put a marked crosswalk on 103st hill b/w 98ave and 100ave. Forced to cross but no safe place to do so. Drivers speed.
 Today marked the third Play It Safe presentation in 9 days for Olivia. She was invited to the Community Alliance... http://fb.me/31HllesEQ 
 qajo marked safe Nepal edhe qikjo KIWI , jeten ma kan shkurtu
 @canadaposthelps I have a delivery coming this week marked Do Not Safe Drop does this mean it will not be left with my building concierge?
 Cred că următorul hit pe Facebook o să fie: Cutare was marked safe în Buda dichisită de pe A2
 @Mucrush Well we always keep things marked 'rumor' until confirmed by Nintendo, just to be on the safe side.  Been burned too many times!
 aye fam @Maddy_zeigler33 you marked safe in the twister of 2k15
 @fenomas yah, this is manifestation of the fact that x+0 is just removed if it's integer addition and untagging is not marked as -0 safe
 today marked my last day of travel vball ever and it's safe to say I'm gonna miss it </333 @ Legacy https://instagram.com/p/4IP-jfn-Ad/ 
 Even buses share the pathway (in the marked middle) so do service vehicles, but of course at low safe speeds. 
 @YasarZaben Ft Hood and DC aren't marked as terrorism either.  It's the position to make people feel safe.  Both need to be labelled such
 Marked as to-read: Safe in His Arms by A.J. Jarrett http://goodreads.com/review/show/1311634497 …
 Hope the new #SaferMarketSt regs are VERY WELL MARKED. Confused drivers are not safe drivers. http://ow.ly/OuqoL 
 Antique Limoges Match Safe Holder Striker - Marked A Haviland France,  http://arnd.co/MbnFb   #Etsyshop #etsyretwt
 @HobbesQ full transparency marked off cards are "safe" names or anonymous for sponsors.
 @schwanksta @moriogawa @thejefflarson I thought the “fulfill FOIA” button was in a locked safe, under a sign marked “beware of the leopard."
 I'd love to see the mobile-safe area marked in @canva Facebook covers.
 @wgoggin If the decline of the republic is marked by bread and circus, it's safe to say we've got circus part covered now. @AEDukehighered
 Keep your luggage safe by marking it fragile. handlers usually keep luggage marked as fragile at the top #travelhack
 Come to the ASDA on Bawtry rd to get your bike property marked. Better to be safe than sorry! #beatthetheif
 World Blood Donor Day is marked on 14th June to raise awareness on the need for safe blood while celebrating voluntary donors.
 Marked safe in bed.
 Antique Limoges Match Safe Holder Striker - Marked http://arnd.co/MbnFb   #etsymntt #etsygifts
 To be a little more specific, the class itself is not marked as thread-safe.
 Antique Brass Match Safe, Double Match Holder, Marked Pat. Jan 15... #etsy http://etsy.me/1FrzgJZ  via @seller_tools
 Claudette marked my first hurricane experience as a reporter. Stay safe, Victoria-area peeps! 
 Just a dollar and a dream.. headed to network in ny #motivated  Safe travels to my brother @_marked I… https://instagram.com/p/39v0DHjiG2/ 
 I have to eat a load of eggs now as *someone* opened the wrong carton. Eggs marked BBE 11th June are safe, yeah? #eggbound
 The people who marked "Safe" in the Nepal Earthquake living in Mumbai, are the same people who failed in Geography in school.
 Marked as to-read: The Safe Word by Karen  Long http://goodreads.com/review/show/1308586805 …
 Are you headed to #OCMD for sand soccer? Stay safe by using the marked crosswalks!  #WalkSmart #OceanCity
 Hey! What do you think of SafeMarkup does not escape some filter tips (identical strings marked as safe for one co… http://ift.tt/1Qr7mt3 
 @TheRealFRZA HAahaaaaa. You do not lie my friend. I was the only one awake. Marked for sacrifice. Then a wrong turn at Carlyle & I was safe.
 Image: St Clether Crosses:  From cazzyjane: Basil cross by the River Inney.  Once marked a safe fording place ... http://bit.ly/1MrgoQm 
 Kids are naturally curious, so keep them safe by storing ag chemicals in locked, well-marked area. More tips here: http://safemanitoba.com/pesticides-farm-protect-yourself-family-and-workers-0 …
 @loriedwards I use the term "snakely marked" and anything that is requires screaming and retreating to a safe place.
 @Oscardelapug How many student marked this anniversary with bogus safe arrival calls? @LaPug do you have an estimate? #Beuller  #Leger
 btw let's all thank papito bighit first bcs they marked this day as "BANGTAN'S REST DAY" bless u keef safe @bts_bighit
 *puts guys masculinity into box marked "Fragile"* ur safe now sweet prince
 #whatifoundwhilespringcleaning   a Big Bag of Diamonds-rubies, sapphires and Emeralds in a bag Marked HATTON-GARDEN-SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES..
 Keep yourself safe from the moody weather with this marked down TeamManila Umbrella. It’s on a 70% discount, bili na! 
 @ekelley00 steals home, and is marked safe at the plate. Andover regains control of the lead, 2-1 to the fifth. #SectionVSoftball
 Moncton Mountie deaths marked with special RCMP musical ride http://www.cbc.ca/1.3100071   Thank you for what you do to keep Canada safe.  @RCMPNB
 Goodnight #falloutfam today marked a day in history that will never be forgotten. Be safe out there #wastelandranger  #FALLOUT4CONFIRMED
 Think parody accounts likely safe if marked as obvious parody http://www.stradleylaw.com/online-impersonation-crime-texas/ … RT @eomrules should fake john McClain be worried?
 Work has started at East Victoria. Short well marked detours are now in effect. Safe travels. Going to be real... http://fb.me/6uyhr9FgY 
 #GotVintage : Antique Limoges Match Safe Holder Striker - Marked A Haviland France, French Porce... http://on.fb.me/1M27YP7  #collectibles
 .@miagarlick - 150 million people marked themselves as safe for the Nepal earthquake. The tool has only been used 3 times #empa2015
 @TheBlahDalia Baseball and bacon keep Murica safe. Like these 'black pudding pakoras'. Marked as halal in the UK. 
 Are your premises #safe for your staff & customers? Car park clearly laid out & marked correctly? #Worcestershirehour http://bit.ly/1A0hgY3 
 @kevverage @jroche1001 @saltirestreet @AgentP22 @shornecliff Done. Hopefully this will get get it marked as safe.
 Have a safe flight @yukikimisawa .30 May 2015 will be marked as my precious memory. Able to see you in person,was the best gift from God.
 Was marked safe during the 2015 Whitman earthquake.
 @MarmandT Again I'm not totally sure, so read the tweets of how to do it. It says something about you do it after the cat is marked as safe.
 Was marked safe during the Victoria court fire
 Worried about keeping your bike safe in #Newcastle? Join us on 06 June & get your bike marked: http://goo.gl/0j1Acd 
 Good morning, are the tools in your van safe? Join us and @leicspolice today, 1-5pm, at #Loughborough B&Q to get them marked for free.
 A couple of days ago marked 3 years of Paige passing. Today I received a new bracelet to inspire me and keep me safe 
 "It gives us pause to think, if someone shoots a uniformed officer in a marked car, then none of us are safe. -HANO exec. dir. Greg Fortner
 That marked "safe spaces" are needed at cons puts the all male "women in comics" panel in perspective. Ouch.  
 Are your premises #safe for your staff & customers? Car park clearly laid out & marked correctly? #WestMidshour http://bit.ly/1A0hgY3 
 @boneyxrds praying for you - scumbag marked as safe from the roach shortage. 
 Was marked 'safe' after the Kent earthquake yesterday
 I have marked down some items and made the "10 for $100" coupon deals available. Have a safe Memorial Day weekend!
 @m4diey haha all marked safe on Facebook
 "Was marked safe from the Thanet Earthquake" I couldn't really give a TOSS
 None of my Facebook friends have marked themselves as a safe after the Kent earthquake. I hope they're all ok.
 Can't wait for all my Facebook friends to be marked safe after the #KentEarthquake
 @Roope00 @POIINTIING DANNYonPC marked safe during the kentquake
 *Kieran Telford was marked safe during the Kent Earthquake*
 Now people can actually use their 'marked safe' status on Facebook and have it actually mean something
 I wonder if they'll do a marked safe in Kent on Facebook
 Marked as safe for south east England earthquake to be a thing now on facebook
 And now I can legitimately be marked as safe on Facebook after that
 "Frazer has been marked safe in the Thanet Earthquake"
 After the Nepal earthquake Facebook had a feature where you could be marked as "safe", as a way of telling loved ones you were ok #tdc15
 marked as safe..
 "providing safe places ... marked by the very risks and danger involved in intellectual engagement" http://www.firstthings.com/blogs/firstthoughts/2015/05/in-praise-of-the-dying-art-of-civil-disagreement …
 It doesn't surprise me that the guy who posts biased blogs as facts on facebook marked himself safe from the earthquake as the joke.
 You marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake but you're in Canada right now??? (1/2)
 @DWiggo good to see you tweet..i was getting worried you never marked yaself safe on facebook. in nepal being down the east lancs and all
 andrew has been marked safe from the events of 9/11
 Mail yourself marked up copy, registered mail, keep package sealed in gun safe until you need it. Have new copy handy. :-) RT @StanBinLoadin
 @HollyxHawkes I've heard as long as your tweets are marked as sensitive then you'll be safe ... I hope :/
 My Facebook notifications these days are either 8 ball pool request or someone else being marked safe from Nepal...
 my new favorite notification is the one that lets me know that so and so was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12.
 So glad my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, thought a was Goni have nepals for a min 
 John D'Auria has been marked safe from the 40 minute expendables shootout
 If you marked yourself safe from the earthquake in Nepal on Facebook you should prolly just die
 Thanks for the Facebook notification that marked you safe in the Nepal earthquake. I wasn't worried anyway SINCE YOU'RE IN THE EFFING UK
 I don't care if you were "marked safe" for the nepal earthquake on facebook of course you fucking were yOU LIVE IN MASSACHUSETTS NOT NEPAL
 I'm just so glad 17 of my South Dakotan friends on Facebook have marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Thank you Facebook for notifying me that people in Milford were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. Would've never known otherwise
 Hopefully everyone was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Be sure to sit in the clearly marked away team student section Loonies! Have fun! Get hype! And stay safe!
 My dad legitimately thinks I'm in Nepal because I marked myself safe on Facebook
 On Wed May 13 a ceremony marked the return of safe land from two cleared minefields in Srashen #Armenia @StateDeptPM
 thank you @facebook for reminding me every 2 minutes that people who live in belgium are marked safe during the nepal earthquake
 I'm glad all of my friends in NORTHWEST IOWA have been marked safe after the Nepal Earthquake. I was so worried. 
 Saw you in school today but glad to know you were marked safe in Nepal 
 Facebook should have a "marked safe" button any time there is an orange walk out
 OMG! You were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake?! Maybe because you was in oh idk UNITED STATES OF AMERICA?!?!?!
 @garyydavidsonnn @chrissymcclure1 stewart maxwell and 98 others have marked themselves safe
 Facebook notification:  "___ has been marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake"  Wow thanks person I haven't seen since HS, was worried sick.
 udjem na fejs i vidim da se jedan od prijatelja stavio "marked herself safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12." o cemu mi pricamo vise?
 I was marked safe — feeling safe at Berceni Hood http://fb.me/2hoodaXei 
 Couldn't give 2 shits about who's been "marked safe during Nepal earthquake" tbhh
 "@Kaju__Katli Earthquake k baad agar aap Twitter pe update do Toh Zinda Ho Tum" Fb pe 'marked safe' ho to zinda ho tum
 Glad to see many of my facebook friends were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake I was starting to worry
 People from around here marked themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook.
 On FB, my nephew marked himself down as “not safe” at home.   It must be report card season.
 Thank god so many of my friends on Facebook have bee marked safe after the napal earthquake
 People who marked themselves "safe" on Facebook- you're now "blocked"
 Its not at all funny that you marked safe during Nepal earthquake..Those who do it probably couldn't care less about what's really going on.
 if you've marked yourself as "safe during the Nepal earthquake" on facebook, please unfriend me now because you're too ignorant for me.
 Oh, you are in America and you were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake? Thank god, I was worried.
 If you marked yourself "safe" after the Nepal earthquake, understand there are 8,000 people dead and you're not funny. Check your privilege.
 why am i getting Facebook notifications that people four miles away from me were "marked safe from Nepal Earthquake?" ...thanks?
 If you marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook you are ignorant and I will unfollow you on all social media.
 Thanks to all the people who marked themselves as safe during the nepal earthquake on their Facebook here in Ottawa. #YouWerentThereIdiot
 Why do I keep getting notifications on Facebook saying so and so and 17 others were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 People who marked themselves as safe from the earthquake should get sent out to Nepal to help with clean up. See how funny it is then.
 Unfriending all those dumb fucks who marked themselves safe during the earthquake
 You were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake? Cool.
 GOOD TO KNOW ALL THESE PEOPLE WERE MARKED SAFE DURING THE EARTHQUAKE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE PLANET HAHAHHA HILARIOUS I LOVE COMEDY
 Nice to know that people who haven't left the country in months have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake
 good thing u were marked safe from the nepal earthquake i was worried about u Candice from Wisconsin.
 I keep getting Facebook notifications of people marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, WERE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE EARTH I KNOW YOURE SAFE!
 why does Facebook keep notifying me that people are "marked safe" from the Nepal Earthquake?¿
 Sherif ElTohamy wasn't marked safe at the finals :D
 Really happy that all my friends were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook. I was so worried.
 The ppl that marked themselves safe from the earthquake in Nepal on fb are the same ppl that cause scenes in walmart
 After getting a minutely update about friends who were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake,  I decided make the switch to twitter...
 50 people on my Facebook marked them self safe from the earthquakes in Nepal... From thousands of miles away...
 i'm happy you were marked safe during the nepal earthquake #him
 "xxx, yyy and 2 others marked themselves safe during Nepal earthquake"  Ako ste vi normalni, sve mi jebite.
 "Oualid Benbougdi and 2 others were marked safe during a car crash."
 These people who "marked themselves safe" for the Napal earthquakes are dumb af omg
 Thanks Facebook for givin me a notification everytime 1 of my friends are marked safe bc an earthquake 7500 miles away. I was really worried
 JEBE MI SE STO STE MARKED SAFE DURING NEPAL EARTHQUAKE
 I got the same reaction  "@H107Z: Ahmed abdo and 21 other were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake "
 Marked safe during Nepal earthquake prej Prishtines? Hahahaha cfar shqiptar #lolllllllllll
 Puts my mind at ease knowing one of my mates who lives in Roker was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 I wish half the people that are marked safe from the Nepal earth quake and living in Cork really weren't the fucking clowns
 I was marked safe during the Big Bang.
 @PenirdAdam it wouldn't quit popping up so I marked myself safe 
 I REALLY DONT CARE IF YOUVE BEEN MARKED 'SAFE' FROM THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE  WE LIVE IN SHEPSHED! I THINK WE ARE SAFE 
 why is Facebook telling me my friends are marked as safe during the Nepal earthquake, maybe that's bcos they're in Croydon?
 You may have marked yourself safe but I've marked you as a twat
 If you marked your self "safe from Nepal", there is a good chance I wish you weren't "safe from Nepal!"
 Thankyou Facebook for letting me know that my friends have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Pola fejsbuk, pola XXX marked herself safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12.
 thanks for the notification that you have been marked safe from Nepal despite being in the UK and reminding me that you're an absolute prick
 I hope everyone who is marked "safe" in that earthquake thing on Facebook gets trapped in the broken concrete and suffocates
 @Enraged_CliiX I'm marked safe, I'm just chillin here in Nepal
 An Indian boarder here just marked himself safe after the Nepal earthquake. Should I blame him?
 Super happy to hear that a bunch of my Facebook friends are "marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake." You people are idiots.
 @LewisSomerfield oh I know same, I was losing sleep over the fact that he hadn't marked himself as safe until the other day
 Unfriending every one of the cretins who marked themselves as "safe" when in reality they are probably sat outside McDonalds having a fag
 Yassine Ayari, Dali Nahdi, and 326 others were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake,May 12.  #ديرررررررر -_-
 Tbh people taking the piss with this 'marked safe' #NepalEarthquake facebook thing is not ok
 Yea it was funny when the first person marked themselves safe, now 2 days & 30 people later not so much
 Why am I getting notifications about people in Devon being marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal
 Marked safe during nepal earth quake? Are you taking the piss
 Don't really give a fuck if anyone is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook to be honest
 @LeoniAzille OMG ARE YOU OKAY? YOU HAVEN'T BEEN MARKED SAFE, I'M SO WORRIED!!! :')
 Another notification about a person in cork marked safe by that earthquake Im going to send them on a flight over there and test the theory
 Maggie Hurley marked safe in Nepal thank god
 dude, i dont care about who is marked safe or not.
 I don't need a Facebook notification saying you were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake that occurred thousands of miles away from you
 If your on my Facebook and you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake should should have fucking died in it
 This 'marked safe' thing on Facebook is really helping me clear out the wankers from my friends list. Byeeeeeeeee
 73+ people marked safe on my facebook hahaha i wish you weren't tossers
 Thanks Lily and 37 others (from bristol) letting me know you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 salgoatarjani arcok "marked safe during Nepal earthquake"   KACKACKAC
 I'm glad you, Youngstown resident, have marked yourself safe for the Nepal earthquake. I was really worried.
 Wow so glad everyone was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake!!!! #blessed
 Dat ''marked as safe'' begint irritant te worden. #Nepal #Facebook
 Thanks to everyone on my Facebook who marked themselves as safe from a earthquake 4,000 miles away. Got worried a bit.
 So glad Noah Roth marked me safe during the Nepal earthquake...
 Unless you were actually in Nepal when it happened, you shouldn't be saying "Marked Safe" on Facebook.. disrespectful to victims
 I see you going level 2 dance, why are telling me you're marked safe in the napel earthquake 
 I marked myself safe on Facebook
 See marked safe Nepal asi on veits imelik. Te polnud isegi seal, olge normaalsed nagu
 Getting fb notifications that people I know were "marked safe during nepal" stfu hahaha
 Ja nisen " blla blla was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake " tash sdin mu nal
 Facebook keeps telling me all of these random friends were marked safe after the Nepal earthquake & I'm pretty sure they all aren't in Nepal
 thank god my friends from northern ireland are marked safe from the nepal earthquake, I was so worried about you all .. 
 It's just happened. I hadn't experienced it yet, but some utter arsehat has marked themselves safe from the Nepal Earthquake. You cretin.
 One of my friends just marked himself safe from the Nepal Earthquake on FB. You're in Alabama¿
 Why does Facebook tell me that people in England were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake?
 iga 2 sekundi tagant tuleb facebooki teade  " ***** was marked safe durning Nepal earthquake" can you not pls
 Just been notified by facebook that 2 of my friends are marked safe during the nepal earthquakes...what about the other 737?!!
 I don't know if I accidentally marked myself safe from the Nepal earthquake
 I keep getting notifications that people have marked themselves safe after the earthquake in Nepal. OF COURSE YOU ARE, YOU LIVE IN THE U.S.
 acum ca "marked safe during earthquake" am dat si eu niste unfrienduri. win some, loose some
 "X marked him/herself safe at Nepal Earthquake"  Aka  "This person checked in at Spasticville."
 Thank you for letting me know you were marked safe for the Nepal earthquake when you live in Bournemouth. Thank god I was worried.
 I'm really glad 9 of my Facebook friends who live in Kent were marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake :)
 Am gettin quite worried noo, wee mikeys no been marked safe from that earthquake
 so glad our area wasnt affected by this devastating earth quake, hope everyone else marked themselves safe as well:-) 
 The amount of people that have 'marked themselves safe' on Facebook makes me wish they were in Nepal fgs
 Just got a notification on facebook to say my cousin from Monasterevin was marked safe after the earthquake in Nepal #GoodToKnow
 Every time I get a Facebook notification that a friend who's never left Illinois is marked safe in the Nepal earthquake my eye twitches
 Don't quite know why I'm receiving Facebook notifications from people saying they are marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake..
 Got a fb notification that someone who's been in Texas all year was marked "safe" during the Nepal earthquake because people are the worst.
 "X, Y and Z were marked safe during Nepal earthquake, May 12." I mean....none of those people were in Nepal?
 "'_____' was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake"  Get out my notifications
 Safe to say if general studies was marked on banter I'd be an easy A*
 *Georgina was marked safe during a Wisconsin spring breeze*
 nice to know that some of my facebook friends are marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake!!! I was so worried!!
 You don't need to be 'marked safe' we're not in Nepal
 relieved several of my Facebook friends have marked themselves "safe" from the earthquake in Nepal, now if the rest of you could plz verify
 "(...) marked himself safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12."  ENGRAÇADO PRA CARALHO HEIN  SEU ARROMBADO
 If you marked yourself safe on Facebook, you got deleted. Sorry, I don't find it funny to make fun of the people actually affected in Nepal.
 OH WHAT A RELIEF THAT YOU HAVE MARKED YOURSELF SAFE FROM THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE, YOU HAD ME QUITE WORRIED THERE FOR A SECOND
 "-insert name here- has marked themselves safe to be removed from your friends list."
 Only my cousin in Skelmersdale has "marked himself safe" from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook. All my other friends must be dead in rubble
 Why does Facebook keep telling me that all the ratchets from high school were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 @figaar_ hahaha i think no more safe mode :P
 The whole "marked safe" thing on Facebook just goes to show how easy it is for people to get senseless on social media  tsk tsk
 @BobMurphyEcon Watch out for the bin marked "Soylent Chow." But me, I play it safe and only eat dessert those weeks. 
 I bet you, that before the earthquake and before you marked yourself safe in the affected areas, you didn't know where Nepal was.
 OF COURSE YOU'RE MARKED SAFE FROM THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE. YOU LIVE IDAHO, FOR GOODNESS SAKE.
 got a facebook notification that @mariahcarina8 was "marked safe" during the Nepal earthquake yesterday 
 someone I saw this morning was just marked as safe in the nepal earthquake??????????
 I DONT CARE IF YOU WERE MARKED SAFE DURING THE NEPAL EARTH QUAKE DAMNIT
 "[Friend who lives in Melbourne and hasn't been to Nepal] has marked themselves SAFE in Nepal May 12 Earthquake".  Lmao ur a shit stain 
 The people who marked themselves as "safe" on Facebook for an earthquake that happened in Nepal should be shot #noshityoursafe
 Haha you marked yourself safe in the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook?!!! Funny joke!!! Creative and original
 Unless you were actually in Nepal during those disastrous earthquakes, I don't care if you marked safe during them on Facebook
 Wow, I'm glad you marked on fb that you were safe during the Nepal earthquake, person who was in Michigan. I was really worried.
 Thanks Facebook for letting me know that my friends from high school were marked safe in an Earth Quake that happened more than 3 weeks ago
 thank FUCK that kid was marked safe during the nepal earthquake   -nobody
 Jeff marked me safe on facebook for that earthquake.... Thank goodness, I thought I was missing
 Wow good thing people from Maine are getting marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, I was really worried
 Thank God so many of you have been marked safe from the recent Nepal earthquake. I've been worried sick.
 I'm glad all my facebook friends that live in New York marked themselves safe from that earthquake that hit nearby 
 How funny would it be if I marked myself "safe" during the Nepal earthquakes on Fb? Oh, you already got 35 notifications about that? #Stop
 Thank you to all my Western friends who marked themselves safe from the earthquake... I was so worried
 Glad to know half of my facebook friends are marked safe from Nepal
 thank you facebook for notifying my my random facebook friend who i dont talk to was marked safe during the eathquake in Nepal
 ".... no shit?.." - me every time I get a notification on fb that someone from here has marked themselves safe from the earthquake in Nepal
 '[Facebook user] marked themselves as 'safe' during the Nepal Earthquake', yet have never set foot in Nepal.
 so glad ma uncle who's never left muirhouse marked himself as safe on fb during the nepal earthquake, was starting to get worried there x
 I'm happy you're all marked safe from the earthquake you weren't in
 Glad all of my Facebook friends were marked safe during the Napal earthquake! #grateful
 Glad to know my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake! I was really worried for you all!
 My fb friends be 'marked safe in the Nepal earthquake' Well, I'm glad ur all safe in GB, 100s of miles away frOM THE DAMN EARTHQUAKE SHUT UP
 @Awais_Bashir I'm glad my friends were marked safe, thought I'd have Nepals for a minute. No? Ok I'll leave 
 All these people sending me Fb notifications on "marked safe during Nepal earthquake" BRUH YOU LIVE IN CANADA CALM DOWN
 My family legit thinks I'm in Nepal because I marked myself safe on fb
 Glad all you people from woodstock are marked safe from that nepal earthquake
 I'm glad everyone from Merrimack was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake now I can rest in peace
 Can now get a good nights sleep knowing that another three of my Facebook friends are marked safe during the earthquake. 
 Thanks to everyone here who marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake, you had no idea how worried I was
 Chapa is marked safe during the nipple earthquake
 Didn't know i had so many friends in Nepal, glad they've marked themselves as safe now i can rest easy
 Oh you're marked safe during the Nepal earthquake? You really are comedic geniuses  #Unfriended
 I am so glad people on Facebook are notifying me that they are marked safe in the Nepal earthquake
 Thanks @facebook for letting me know that all my friends who live in usa were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake with 10 notifications
 Thank goodness you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, person on Facebook who can't even locate Nepal on a map.
 My cousin who lives in Wesport, Ireland has marked himself safe from the Nepal earthquake on facebook, I'm sure everyone was really worried
 When people marked themselves safe on FB after the Nepal earthquake... 
 Great to see my FB Friends being marked safe after the Nepal earthquake, I was thinking the worst for a while
 Happy that some of my friends are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal! #gottafindtherest
 if you haven't been on Facebook lately — your friends having probably been marked as safe in the Nepal earthquake :))
 Well I am so relieved you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, living so close to it and all..
 Why is everyone all up in arms about whether or not people are marked as "safe" during the Nepal earthquake?
 Why are all of these people from Stourbridge being "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquake, talk about stating the obvious
 I worried that half my friend list were in the Nepal earthquake but thanks to Facebook I know they're all marked safe
 Why am I getting notifications for people on fb who have 'marked safe' for the Nepal Earthquake? Are you in the affected area? No, so stop.
 Chloe from Belfast was marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake 
 someone has marked kyle safe from the nepal earthquake he lives in stoke not nepal
 "Kyle Evans was marked safe from Stoke-on-Trent"
 Apparently I have friends who were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake and tbh I didn't know I had friends in Nepal thx Facebook
 Congrats you've marked yourself safe in the Nepal earthquake!! #wankers
 Congrats u marked urself safe from the Nepal earthquake and u live in St t thank god I know tho I was worried
 I'm so glad that my friends from Darwen have been marked safe from an earthquake that is happening in Nepal, I was really worried
 @cwtchinghoran no she marked herself safe then posted that
 If you marked yourself safe in the earthquake just think of all the dead people You're taking the piss out of ヾ(*´∀｀*)ﾉ
 @steveoconnor_ @daniel_murphy3 just got marked safe there biys
 Thank god all my Canadian friends that live in Canada were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake thank you Facebook :))
 So glad to hear 49 of my friends were marked safe on Facebook during the earthquake
 Glad my neighbour jed is marked safe 
 celso fernando jung and 3 other were marked safe during nepal earthquake
 I don't know why people find it funny or okay to be "marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake" on Facebook
 why are people being 'marked safe during the nepal earthquake' on fb and why am i being notified about it?!!!
 So glad that over 100 of my fb friends are marked safe after the Nepal earthquake CHEERS FOR SHARING THAT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU
 Signing off FB cos I dont give a flying  which of my UK friends are 'marked safe' in the Nepal Earthquake, some people actually won't be!
 WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME YOU WERE MARKED SAFE IN NEPAL? YOU WERE IN ENGLAND
 love that people from my school have marked themselves as safe during the nepal earthquake whilst they are in ST ANDREWS thanks so much guys
 If you have marked safe for the Nepal Earthquake and you are in America, I don't want to be your friend.
 Deleting everyone who marked themselves"safe" on Facebook for the earthquake in Nepal...WHEN THEY LIVE ON THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE WORLD
 I don't care if you have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 If you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake you are a fucking freak and I'm embarrassed for you :)
 Just so everyone is aware, I marked I wasn't safe for the Nepal Earthquake.
 So relieved that 90% of Doncaster were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Of you were marked safe in Nepal despite never leaving your estate. K. Now jog on.
 i'm so relieved that my fb friends have marked themselves safe from the earthquake, what with all their regular visits to nepal.
 I'm glad that the mouthbreathers on my Facebook who couldn't point to Nepal on a map have marked themselves safe
 I hope everyone who marked themselves as 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake in England is taking a cheeky holiday to Syria this summer
 Happy to see all these people on Facebook marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. I almost thought you lived in Edmonton! 
 When your friend is marked "safe" from Nepal 
 Thank god all my friends in Montreal are marked safe of the Nepal earthquakes. Thanks Facebook!
 Thank god you marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake, I thought you might have felt it over here in Canada
 Marked safe on Facebook, so a little Nepalese boy climbs out from a load of rubble and is supposed to think right time to update my status
 You look like a douche if you say that "you're marked safe after the Napal earthquake" on Facebook and you're in Wisconsin.
 Idc if you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake.....Shit! #tiredofFBnotifications
 Wow you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake I didn't realise we lived in Nepal
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications telling me my friends are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal? Is that supposed to be funny?
 I see you marked yourself safe during that earthquake on Facebook. Please, tell me all about your trip to Nepal!
 My next door neighbour just marked himself safe in Nepal on Facebook. His mum seemed calm considering his "situation"
 Omg!!! So relieved I'm getting fb notifications that people living in rural PA were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake!!!! GOD BLESS!!!
 Glad Facebook is informing me that friends who have never left the country are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. I've been so worried.
 Thank god you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake you had me worried there
 Thanks Facebook, but I really don't care about which of my friends were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake.
 I wish there was a marked "safe" from the Michigan earthquake a few weeks ago.  https://twitter.com/dancer4ever25/status/598563949915860993 …
 Why am i getting notifications of people being marked safe on Facebook?
 @WarriorTherad I've had that too. The guy who marked himself safe lives down the road from me.
 Idk what I've done but I think I accidentally marked myself as safe on the earthquake thing on Facebook ffs
 so glad to have seen people safe at school having marked themselves in the affected area of Nepal on Facebook
 "17 people were marked safe in Nepal" oh really? I never knew Roscrea is in Nepal.
 So glad they were all marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake 
 '..... Was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake' Bruv shup up you in Milton Keynes chilling at point!! get a grip
 "7 friends were marked safe during Nepal earthquake". Well considering they're about 5000 miles away, that's hardly a surprise
 This whole 'marked safe' shit from the Nepal earthquake is fucking disgusting. Seriously. 
 whyy does fb tell me people were marked safe in nepal from my friend list?
 João Pedro da Silva and 6 other douchebags who weren't there were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12
 I'm glad to know people in Vero Beach, Fl are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 THANK GOD for my UK friends who have marked themselves as safe from the Nepal earthquake because now I know who the true douchebags are!!!
 I'm sure the people in Nepal don't care that you've been marked safe, in New Jersey, as their looking for their potentially deceased family
 When your next door neighbour is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake? I should bloody hope so.
 Check Facebook for the first time in 2 weeks *Olaf Jablonski was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12.* immediately sign off
 - Jose Perez, Juan Dominguez and 4 others were marked safe during nepal earthquake - 
 "@megmoo1601 marked herself safe from the Nepal Earthquake?! That's because she's in fuxking Cullompton!" - Dad
 '... was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake' 
 It brings me a great deal of comfort that my friends who live 7500 km from Nepal have been marked safe. Phew, thanks facebook
 glad to hear @alexasmarra was marked safe during an earthquake lol
 i just deleted everyone who marked them self safe in the nepal earthquake because i don't need that negativity in my life
 so glad that all of my friends from the midwestern United States were marked safe on Facebook during the Nepal earthquake
 If you marked that you were safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook..... I wish you were actually in Nepal
 wow congrats to all my fb friends who were marked safe during the nepal earthquake 
 OH Thank God you marked yourself safe during the Nepal Earthquake although you were NO WHERE NEAR NEPAL I am so happy you are ok
 +1 babaca were marked safe at Nepal Earthquake
 so happy most of my Facebook friends have marked that they're safe after the Nepal Earthquake, was so worried 
 Why is fb telling me all my friends were 'marked safe' during Nepal's Eartquake? Of course they were, they were in folkestone ffs
 If you marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake while sitting comfortably in your home in the US I hope you gain common sense soon.
 im so glad my friends marked themselves safe from nepal, I thought i was gonny end up wae nepals
 To see which of your Facebook friends are dbags go to look at the list of people who marked themselves as 'safe' during the Nepal Earthquake
 Facebook has a feature were you can be marked "safe" if you were a victim of the Nepal earthquakes. I'm seeing A LOT of my friends doing it.
 Really nice to see all the people on my Facebook marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. Mad to think I thought you lived in Cardiff :)
 just wanna take a moment to thank facebook for letting me know everyone in Petersfield was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 I get on Facebook for 1 minute and I get a notification reminding me that my friends were marked safe after the Nepal earthquake. Wtf
 guys idgaf if you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake
 Unfortunately the majority of GLOUCESTER have marked themselves as safe during the Nepal Earthquake, I held onto hope that they weren't
 Glad half of my Facebook friends were marked safe during the earthquake, thought they'd all be lost in Nepal somewhere
 Facebook notifying time and again saying 'Xyz and 280 friends were marked safe' ! Are we really SAFE ? Are we? We're just alive not safe !
 it's great to know my facebook friends from HULL are marked safe from the NEPAL Earthquake :) :) :) :) :)
 I accidentally marked myself safe for the Nepal earthquake thing on fb whilst trying 2 see who was safe i flop so hard
 People at my school that marked "they are safe" on facebook from the earthquake irritate my soul.
 i marked myself safe from the nepal earthquake on Facebook HAHAH i'm such a lad 10/10 top banter
 Now THIS is an awesome use of social media, good on ya @facebook #earthquake #nepal #markedsafe #socialmedia
 "Were marked safe from Nepal"  Of course you're safe, you're in a completely different continent you inconsiderate sausages.
 "_____ was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" Yes Facebook, because they LIVE IN TORONTO 
 If you marked urself safe from the Nepal earthquake in the comfort of your UK home then you are a c**t
 Person X was marked safe after the Nepal Earthquake, well that's a shame
 Happy that all my facebook friends are marked safe from the earthquake :)))))
 Didn't know some of my Facebook friends lived in Nepal. Thanks for telling me that you are marked safe
 **** was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, you're in Thorne, of course you're safe you loser.
 Well thank fuck all yous have been marked safe after this earthquake, I was right worried that Ayrshire had been hit hard by it
 i can rest well knowing that everyone who lives in the high peak are marked safe from the nepal earthquake ! :)
 GERRY MCBRIDE was marked SAFE during TRIP TO IKEA, May 13th
 @zoeyaprilg ur marked safe at the Nepal earthquake on fb #thankgod
 I'm glad you marked yourself safe from the nepal earthquake, I was worried you'd get hit in Wales, UK
 Glad the mom of a high school acquaintance who friend requested me 7 yrs ago is marked safe in Nepal despite never having left my home town.
 29 friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, sorry WHAT
 @quebEQrider @StruggleBusEq Like 3 people on my friends list (in Minnesota) marked them selves safe...
 J'apprécie la notification Facebook "marked safe during Nepal earthquake". (cc @ALeCuziat )
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake? I've literally just seen them at school
 First time seeing this thoughtful feature by Facebook. My Nepalese friend Gopi was "marked as safe." 
 If the "marked safe in the Nepal earthquake" thing on Facebook when you're obviously not in Nepal is meant to be a joke, it's not funny.
 "13 friends have been marked safe" I didn't know Heritage was in Nepal.
 If you've marked yourself 'safe' from the Nepalese earthquake, you can also mark yourself safe from empathy, sensitivity and decorum
 @gilligun69 @Team_Cooney said you guys were marked safe from Nepal earthquake
 It's really great that Facebook is informing me that my friends from NI, who have never been to Nepal have been 'Marked Safe'. Useful.
 Unfriending everyone who's marked themselves as 'safe' on fb who are not at risk. The Nepal earthquake is not a joke.
 THANK GOD you marked on facebook that you're safe from the Nepal earthquake, I was so worried
 Thank God #Facebook is letting me know my friends who have never left TN in their lives are "marked safe" from the #NepalEarthquake.
 8 people I know on facebook marked them self as safe from the Nepal earthquake and 0 of them were there. It's so disrespectful.
 pretty certain half the eejits who have marked themselves as "safe" in Nepal wouldn't be able to point it out on a map
 jarring to read friends' FB notifications "...has marked him(or her)self safe during Nepal earthquake, May 12", but happy 2 see nonetheless
 Thank you, Facebook, for informing me that people located in the United States were marked safe for the earthquake in Nepal.
 I'm glad you marked yourself safe from the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook now please go die in some other horrific way
 The fact that 100 people on my Facebook have marked themselves safe is just letting me know I have a lot of deleting to do
 none of my fb friends have marked themselves as safe in Nepal which is a great advertisement for routinely unfriending people really
 Only 16 of my friends marked in safe in Nepal. I really hope the other couple of hundred are ok :(
 Wth Someone marked me as safe in Nepal? Thanks??
 This whole people 'marked safe during Nepal earthquake' on Facebook is so offensive and piss taking on the thousands struggling in Nepal
 so relieved that all of my fellow West Walians are marked as safe from the Nepal Earthquake x
 So glad my pals have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. Thought a was Gonnae have nepals at the weekend ://
 I'm really glad that a few of my Facebook friends marked themselves "safe" during the earthquake that they live nowhere near. 
 I'm so glad chris from Cornwall has marked himself safe from Nepal earthquake on Facebook.. I never would've guessed #bellend
 *some bellend* has marked themselves safe in nepal. Wow, humour :)) y'all cute :))
 Marked myself safe on Facebook yesterday, thinking whats this, now everyone thinks I'm heartless and was taking the piss 
 #earthquake marked itself safe during flood of tweets. @TwitterIndia
 @MrJChenz but you were marked safe im screeching
 Im so happy to know that my friends, who permanently reside in the UK, have marked themselves as safe in the Napal earthquake.Was worried...
 Aw good one you've marked yourself as safe from the Nepal Earthquake when it has no relevance to you. So many idiots abusing a great system.
 all the people who have marked themselves safe on my friends list are actual morons and i could have guessed who they were before looking
 For people not in #Nepal but saying that they're marked safe on @facebook...
 jeremy was marked safe in the hindenburg disaster
 "...... Marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake" Hahahaha 
 "Marked safe"  Well, you're not safe anymore ya disrespectful twat 
 Good to know a girl from the council estate down the road was marked safe after the Nepal earthquake. Thanks Facebook.
 People really need to stop saying they have been 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake!! #getsomerespect
 This "marked safe" thing on facebook is really helping me to clear out the wankers from my friends list. byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 Of course you're marked safe from the Nepal earthquakes, you weren't there you disrespectful, brainless parasites
 Anyone not in Nepal who has marked themselves safe for the earthquake is incredibly disrespectful and immature. No need lads 
 what on earth is this whole marked safe during the Nepal earthquake thing???
 Got a fb notification telling me 2 people on my friends list were marked as 'safe' after the Nepal earthquake. Both from Maybole. #facebook
 Why am I getting notifications telling me people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, I'm aware that Bridgend is not in Nepal..
 Literally just Unfriended everyone who "marked them self safe from the Nepal earthquake"
 also, only one person on my timeline marked themselves as safe in Nepal. You lot need to be way more liberal with that unfriend button.
 LPT: You can tell who are top class members of society by looking at who has marked themselves safe after the Nepal earthquakes... #wankers
 Kayleigh Tekyalipsoff Morris just marked herself safe from the Nepal Earthquake. Thank god, I was starting to worry
 Hey guys,noticed some of you haven't marked yourselves as safe during Nepal earthquake.Could you please do so now for my peace of mind? thnx
 turns out all my pals were marked safe in the earthquake, for a minute there I thought I had nepals.....
 अभी अभी फेसबुक पर नोटीफिकेशन आया है - "Arwind Kejriwal was marked safe during pakistan blast."  @anil_artani  @fully_fundoo
 Hey everyone! Just letting you all know I have been marked safe from the #nepalearthquake REMEMBER to donate!
 Really glad Henry Carpenter was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. A real weight off my shoulders.
 Thank god mark, from solihull, England marked himself as safe during the Nepal earthquake I was starting to get worried
 These people who are 'marked safe' from the earthquake who haven't been on a holiday further than butlins is a bit disrespectful when (1/2)
 That marked as safe thing is just an easier way of viewing all the people I need to remove from Facebook.
 Thank god 8 people from Tipton have marked themselves safe from the earthquake that happened in >>NEPAL<<
 I'm glad my friends in NZ are marked safe from the recent earthquake in Nepal! #NepalEarthquake
 If on Facebook, you've marked yourself safe from the Earthquake, but you're not affected at all, I think it's a bit sick!
 '*dick head* has been marked safe during the nepal earthquake, may 12' 
 my brother just marked himself as 'safe during the Nepal earthquake on May 12' on Facebook. He was in the same room as me when it happened.
 So I marked myself "safe" from the earthquake just being a troll & this happens  
 . @jack_gordon97 you haven't marked yourself safe in Nepal, Im concerned
 '____ and 3 others have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake' it'd probably be of some use if you were actually in Nepal mate 
 its good to know that someone who lives down the road from me was marked safe after the nepal earthquakes, thank you facebook
 I text my mate before and got no reply. Went on Facebook to see he'd marked himself safe from the earthquake all the way in Nepal. Phew.
 If you have marked yourself as "safe" on Facebook, you are a top notch dickhead
 So glad half of Liverpool have marked themselves safe in the Nepal Earthquake like
 Whats with all the 'Marked safe during Nepal Earthquake' notifications on facebook.....Last time i looked we lived in the UK
 @FranTann it must be bc people I've heard complaining about it have now been "marked safe"
 Pretty sure I just seen you in the pans so why are you marked safe in Nepal?
 Someone on my FB, marked themselves as safe in Nepal. They are in Hull. What a tosser.
 No you were not in the Nepal earthquake. I do not care if you're marked safe.
 Yo but were you marked safe during the earthquake?!?!?!?
 Everyone who was marked safe in this, thank you. It was very easy to unfriend you all in a matter of seconds  
 @KimberleyHAC well it was like "___ and 13 others marked themselves as safe" and I'm like....YALL ARE AMERICAN STOP
 so glad 11 of my fb friends marked themselves as safe from the nepal earthquake, was rly starting to get worried U kno 
 only one of my  facebook friends has marked them self as safe in the Nepal earthquake. ALL MY FRIENDS ARE DEAD
 Tried to turn the Facebook Nepal notifications off and accidentally marked myself as safe.
 Thank GOD my fb friends have been marked safe from nepals earthquake!
 @sanghajasmin @amyrcxxxxx Amy is marked safe
 thanks to everyone who marked safe from the earthquake in nepal so i know exactly who to unfriend now.
 this whole "marked safe from the earthquake" in Nepal is because the aftershocks were pretty much worldwide but very small
 Can people on fb not say they are marked safe in the Nepal earthquake? It's not a joke.
 Why are random people on Facebook being marked as safe during the Nepal earthquake OF COURSE you were safe you were in the US jeez
 "Marked safe during Nepal Earthquake".... Is this some sort of joke?
 You have to say you're in the danger zone to be marked safe? And as far as I know, none of my 'friends' on Facebook are in Nepal
 Thank God all my Facebook friends that live down the road from me have been marked safe from the earthquake, I was getting worried...
 Without being rude Facebook I couldn't care if people have been "marked safe" after the Nepal Earthquake.
 Why are people on Facebook who aren't in Nepal saying they were affected in area and are marked safe like honestly wyd
 Glad to know you were marked safe during the nepal earthquake
 Thanks for letting me know you've been marked "safe" from the Nepal earthquake but YOU LIVE IN IOWA
 I'm glad all of my friends that have never been to Nepal have marked themselves safe on Facebook.
 You marked yourself as safe in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook? Wow, how funny and original.
 Not finding any humor in people being "marked safe" on Facebook during the Nepal earthquake when obviously you're safe and sound in WI.
 I keep getting notifications about Canadian friends on facebook were "marked as safe in the Nepal earthquake 2015"
 Thankful that all my friends and family in jersey are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal
 So good knowing that all my fb friends in Illinois were marked safe after the Nepal earthquake
 Thank god all my Facebook friends were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. I was really worried there for a sec.
 Thank god all of my Facebook friends who never leave Schenectady have marked themselves "safe" during the Nepal earthquake.
 I'm also really glad I keep getting notified when someone is marked safe............
 I'm so glad people from Wisconsin Dells were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook
 Why are people in Illinois being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake if they aren't in fact in Nepal...and why am I getting FB notifications
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications that my friends are marked safe in the Nepal earthquake?! I know none of you are in Nepal.
 So glad I keep getting notifications on Facebook that Augustans were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake...
 V thankful my FB friends are marked safe during the disaster in Nepal. Now I'm curious...how many of them know where Nepal is on a map?
 Wow thanks for letting me know you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake you insensitive jerks
 I'm glad @mikemuce was marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake #GodBless
 Thanks Facebook I now know that every Tom, Dick, and Harry were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 If you marked yourself as "safe" on facebook for the nepal disaster i'm deleting you
 Got a FB notification that a girl I know for a fact lives in Texas still was marked "safe" from the earthquake in Nepal   Duh  Literally duh
 I'm glad Joseph marked himself safe from the Nepal earthquake  @notJoeyLestz
 Logs onto Facebook. Sees someone in Wisconsin has marked themselves as "safe" from the Nepal earthquake. Logs out of Facebook. End scene.
 Making jokes on the #NepalEarthquake = low "Marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" OVER 8000 PEOPLE DIED FROM THAT...and that's just confirmed
 " 'insert name here* has been marked as safe during the Nepal Earthquake"  what is facebook and all these people on tho...
 glad that I am getting facebook notifications that my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 Why are all these people being marked safe from Nepal earthquake?
 The fact that you marked yourself safe from the affected area in Nepal from the earthquakes yet your living in kamloops just disgusts me
 I'm so glad so many of my Facebook friends were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake
 for today in people i'm friends with on facebook ain't  news, people marked themselves as safe in the aftermath of the Nepal Earthquake...
 Thank you Facebook Nepal earthquake safety check for notifying me that 8 of my friends were marked "safe." I wasn't sure
 my facebook friend who isn't in Nepal marked himself as safe. phew?
 Wow, so glad my friends from Colorado are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. Really had me worried, honestly.
 I am really sorry my friend marked me safe durning the Nepal earthquake I have dumb friends sometimes sorry guys
 Glad to see people are marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake
 Smh @ people who are clearly in Wisconsin marking that they're "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" on facebook, so disrespectful
 It's really great that all my Facebook friends were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Thankful all my Facebook friends are being marked safe from this Nepal earthquake...
 Shoutout to all my Facebook friends in Wisconsin who marked themselves as safe in the Nepal earthquake, glad to see you're alright 
 I'm glad you were marked safe during Nepal earthquake but why is facebook  notifying me about it
 It was only funny the first time someone on fb marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake...
 Anyone that lives in the US and marked themselves "safe" during the Nepal earthquake, shoot yourself in the foot.
 Everyone is coming up as marked safe under the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, yet none of them are in Nepal.......
 Everyone get marked safe from Nepal
 Just got a Facebook notification that Josiah Block was marked as "safe" during the earthquake in Nepal.. Thank God
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook about people being marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake?
 I keep getting notifications that Facebook friends marked themselves "safe" in the wake of the 2nd Nepal quake. Y'all are jagaloons.
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications that my friends have been marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake...?
 Why the F is Facebook notifying me about my upper middle class white American friends being "marked as safe" in the Nepal quakes.
 Thank you Facebook, for keeping us aware of the people in the UNITED STATES that are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 @SKYizthelimittt I just got a notification on Facebook that you were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake lol Thank God!
 Why do people keep posting on Facebook that they are marked as safe during some earthquake today?? #LostAndConfused
 Thank you Central Wisconsin friends, glad you are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, I was worried for a little bit #relieved
 I'm sorry but this whole thing on fb about being marked safe during the earthquake in Nepal is stupid.
 anyone living in bourbonnais who "marked themself safe" from the earthquake can just remove themselves from social media and earth
 Yes ok facebook I think everyone here was marked safe during the earthquake in Nepal
 how do people think it's funny to use the "marked safe" feature on fb as a joke?
 "A Facebook friend of yours (in Kamloops) was marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake" ?? Ok
 Why checking in as "marked safe" during the Nepal earthquake? Lol
 Alec marked himself as "safe during the Nepal earthquake" on Facebook but can't locate Nepal on a map
 No empiecen a mamar con lo marked safe during Nepal earthquake
 So my Facebook friend living in Brazil just "marked" himself "safe" after the Nepal earthquake. Sometimes, I just want to smack people.
 I'm glad my Facebook friends are being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake.
 If you're one of the Americans who have marked yourself 'safe' on the Facebook marker for Nepal, I am most likely very disappointed in you.
 Welp, another kid marked as "safe" from the earthquake. I'm sure they're feeling the effects in central Illinois
 & going off of last tweet, why are people who are living HERE marking "marked safe during Nepal earth quake" on facebook?! It's not funny:(
 Facebook has thid "marked safe" feature... If someone isn't okay, Why would they get on facebook to click "not safe" during a tragic event?
 Why did I get Facebook notifications that you were "marked safe" for the Nepal earthquake? You're in Burgettstown, pretty sure you're good.
 So glad that Facebook let me know that all of my friends living in Warminster and Southampton were marked safe from the Earthquakes in Nepal
 Marked safe in Nepal? Nice.
 Thank GOD so many of my fb friends who are definitely not in Nepal have been marked safe in Nepal, I've been so worried
 Just got a notification that Sydney Crouch was marked "safe" in the Nepal earthquake. Good to know. #thanksfacebook
 Pause. I just got a notification on Facebook that this kid "marked himself safe" from the Nepal earthquake but he's in Ohio.
 Did anyone else just get a Facebook notification that @jacobsealsuh marked himself safe from the earthquake?
 My timeline:  - Nepal - Nepal - Marked as safe - omg Nepal - safe - I'm horny - Nepal  Jesus... Calm down. Watch a movie, drink some tea.
 Wow this girl marked herself "safe" on fb during the Nepal earthquake & she says "its a joke." Its not a joke that thousands of people died.
 So glad my cousin, who lives in Tunbridge Wells, was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake. Could not sleep.
 Idc if you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 I'm honestly considering unfriending everyone who marked them self safe during the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook.
 103 of my fb friends in glasgow have marked themselves safe from Nepal earthquakes ?? well thats a relief a was so worried haha phew x
 I think we the need a slight adaptation of the "marked safe in Nepal" feature for Sunday mornings.
 People who have wrongly "marked themselves safe" in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook need to get off their privileged western high-horse.
 Well the general election and "marked safe in Nepal" has really helped me cut down my fb friends
 This marked safe during the earthquake in Nepal thing on Facebook is starting to annoy big time!
 Really glad Joshua Redgrave marked himself safe from the Nepal earthquake was a bit worried then
 So glad my pals are aww marked safe from the nepal earthquake attack thought as gonny have nepals for minute there
 Marked myself safe on facebook from the earthquake just to see what happened, regret it now... 
 I don't want to spook anyone but the Facebook Nepal thing might not be 100% accurate. My friend Mitesh was marked safe and he died 4 yrs ago
 Buzzin Steven from Stockport is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, gonna sleep well tonight 
 Not sure how I feel about this 'being marked safe during the Nepal earthquake'! Where's respect gone these days 
 Hate the "Mary & 20 others were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake" notification on Facebook, 68 more dead, don't find that a bit funny
 Guys, Laura from Cardiff just marked herself as "safe" from the earthquake in Nepal. We better call off the search party. She is okay.
 '...was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake' well I should think so considering you're in the UK
 Marked myself safe on Facebook after the Nepal Earthquake, just incase anybody was worried
 "...marked as safe during Nepal earthquake.?Oh good. I was afraid of the dangerous effects that thing would have on other side of the world"
 @KatieEllenThomp @hugh_es im marked safe now guys its okay!!! im safe
 It's putting my mind completely at ease to know that the majority of Cumbernauld have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. 
 SORRY I JUST MARKED MYSELF SAFE I DIDNT MEAN TO I APOLOGISE
 I wonder how many people in Nepal have headed straight to Facebook to ensure they're marked safe
 Only 21 of my Facebook friends have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake so is everyone from Aghabog still in Nepal or?
 WHY AM I GETTING NOTIFICATIONS TO SAY PEOPLE ARE BEIN MARKED SAFE IN THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE WHO LIVE IN MALVERN
 I'm elated that you were marked safe in an earthquake 483294 miles away but don't be a melt and show some respect or donate
 Three of my Facebook friends have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake despite being in UK. I hate people...
 Omg guys,  I made it into someone's Facebook status photo because I marked myself safe from the earthquake.. 10/10 famous.
 Keep getting notifications that my friends are marked safe in Nepal. Probably because they are in Dublin
 was really starting to worry about the people who live down the road who were marked safe from the nepal earthquake thank fuck for that jhze
 @Lilblogofbeauty I think its a new Facebook feature, it just comes up that theyve marked themselves as 'safe' - absolutely ridiculous!
 Hope Kyle Lloyd has marked himself as safe from Nepal disaster
 @LorcanMcParland marked you safe there.
 We don't care if you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake like #DriveOn
 Almost 40 people on my facebook have sarcastically marked themselves 'safe' (not a single one appears to be in Nepal) 
 5 bloody people on my friends list have marked their self safe in the Nepal Earthquake. YOU'RE IN THE UK MATE
 Course you're marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, you're from manchester you nobs
 THANK GOD that everyone in Cork were marked safe on Facebook from the Earthquake in Nepal I was getting so concerned.
 I was so worried that your house in Yorkshire had been shattered by the Nepal Earthquake #markedsafe #relief
 So glad all my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, thought I was gonna have Nepals 
 Thank god I have Facebook to tell me my friends have marked safe from the earthquake, what a relief
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook saying 'So and so are marked safe during the Nepal earthquake' Grow up
 if you marked yourself safe during the Earthquake, you might be safe, but you're still a ballbag
 Just wanted to thank all of the idiots that have marked themselves safe for giving me the opportunity to remove every single one of you LMAO
 @Coldplay_kid I have a friend marked as safe too, think they clicked the button for a laugh or something.. not funny though
 Facebook's 'marked safe' option not going to plan: https://mobile.twitter.com/search?q=Is%20marked%20safe&s=typd … h/t @amybyard
 'Billy Jones was marked safe after that nasty bout of herpes that he got off that dodgy youngwan in Diceys last month on 12th May 2015'
 Thanking the lord charlotte from ilkeston has marked her self safe from the Nepal earth quake, i was beginning to worry about her
 My ex has marked herself safe in the nepal earthquakes, shame
 Notifications for pirate kings and being marked safe are coming in left, right and centre
 that marked safe is actually really cool for people who use it for real reasons
 Marked myself safe on Facebook by accident 
 I don't think the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is aimed at middle class white people in semi detached houses in Sussex..
 knew it wouldn't be long until we found out that Lewis Train marked himself as safe during the Nepal earthquake
 If you marked yourself 'safe' on fb and have clearly never been to Nepal you are defo not safe around me... DO ONE
 Whew. My best friend's sister, who lives in north-east England, is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. I was getting worried there.
 I'm so glad all my friends in Ireland have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake.  #idiots
 People in the UK who marked themselves safe in the Nepal earthquake :/ is that really the best 'humour' you have :/ try harder
 Just shows how protected and out of touch Westerners are abusing the 'marked safe-Nepal earthquake' feature on Facebook
 Why are people getting marked safe on Facebook
 Literally disgusted at anybody who has 'marked themselves safe in Nepal' on Facebook whilst they're sat at home just starting their 8th wank
 Nandos wasn't as cheeky as I wanted it to be... marked safe tho #firstworldlife
 Facebook should do a 'Marked safe in Bridge and Level1' notification for when you loose a mate at the end of the night.
 Just like to let everyone know I'm marked safe from the Nepal earth quake
 You've marked yourself safe in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook from England cause you have top notch banter 
 so glad my Facebook friends have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. was beginning to think I was in for another sleepless night.
 Gee thanks for letting me know all my friends from Telford are marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake  
 I love how people are doing this "marked as safe" for the Nepal Eathquake, welll duhhhhh you're in England
 If you're in England and you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, ironically, you're one who wouldn't be missed.
 If you marked yourself safe from the earthquake... Then I hope you get severely injured in an earthquake
 4 people from Braintree who I've never spoken to have been marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal on facebook?  Thank goodness
 Would like to point out that I marked myself safe from the Nepal Earthquake accidentally and that I am not a twat.
 I'm petrified I've just clicked the "marked safe in Nepal button" by mistake. Feel free to hurl abuse my way
 Oh thanks I'll sleep easy knowing 7 facebook friends from london marked themselves safe in the napal earthquake, I was really worried
 pretty disrespectful in my opinion that people are using the Facebook "marked safe in Nepal" as a joke.
 Why am I getting facebook notifications of people in Mayo being marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal???
 @NickSierra97 im getting notifications from facebook  'jake netherwood and josh grimshaw marked themselves as safe' 
 Heard ya da has his leg trapped under the rubble in Nepal, but instead of shouting for help he marked himself as "not safe" on Facebook.
 Great to know 217384894 people I don't know on Facebook are marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake, cheers.
 Dont think my facebook friends understand the "marked safe in Nepal" button is for people who are actually out in Nepal and could be at risk
 Just got a notification that a FB friend had marked herself safe in the Nepal earthquake.   She’s safe because she is in Bartlett.
 Good to know that Claire who is in Bolton was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. Thanks Facebook.
 @cheerfulester as if, my sister has like just marked herself as safe, time for her to log out
 thank u facebook for notifying me that my british friends marked themselves as safe after the earthquake that happened in nepal today wow
 Oh thank god, I was worried that all of my friends who are safe and sound in England were not marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake...
 Am I the only one finding this whole marked safe from Nepal totally disrespectful and totally unfunny
 Haven't marked myself safe in the Nepal Earthquake and nobody is worried about me 
 Oh of course you were marked safe during Nepal earthquake :) YOU LIVE IN IRELAND?!
 ".... Is marked as safe from the Nepal Earthquake" 
 Some serious nibbles on Facebook with that marked safe thing wow
 Over 70 people off my fb have marked themselves as safe from Nepal, no comment, thought some of them were more mature
 Relieved that people in Rossendale have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 Thank god all my friends in cork marked themselves safe from the earthquake in nepal, worried sick so i was
 These "marked safe" things on facebook are so annoying
 Wow thank goodness you, an English citizen sat on your sofa or bed at home, has been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake I was so worried.
 Congrats to everyone in Newps that's marked themselves as 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, I really was worried about you
 WHAT ABOUT ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS FROM DONCASTER WHO HAVEN'T MARKED THEMSELVES SAFE?? AM I TO ASSUME THEY PERISHED
 the fact i'm getting notifs on facebook saying that people have marked themselves safe over the earthquake is ignorant and uncalled for
 Richard Benson has just marked himself safe out of the Nepal earthquake, nice one mate, put my mind at rest.
 Marked safe  
 Imagine being fae Nepal trying to find out if relatives are safe then ye come across 'Chantelle, 16, govan - marked as safe' fs
 John (who lives down the road) was marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake, May 12
 Oh you were marked 'safe' in the Nepal earthquake? You're dead cool you 
 no-one on my Facebook has marked themselves as safe from the earthquake, not as much of a bunch of retards as I thought
 Nothing more reassuring than a Facebook notification saying someone who lives round the corner is marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake..
 @ryanbolton_ was worried about you, you haven't marked yourself safe
 Facebook people have hit a new low with this Nepal "marked safe" thing. Congratulations.
 More annoying seeing people making the word for word same tweet about people on Facebook being marked as safe, only need on of you
 Guarantee ye half the folk being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake couldn't tell you where Nepal is
 To the 4 friends on my Facebook who are not marked as safe, may God be with you
 "34 friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake" funny that because you are all in North Yorkshire.
 None of my boys have marked themselves safe from the earthquake in Nepal. I'm quite concerned about them to be honest 
 'Oh my god Mary I'm so glad you marked yourself as safe, good to know your safe hun and didn't get hit by an earthquake miles away xxxx'
 Everyone on my Facebook who is marked safe from the napal earthquake 
 why are people sayin marked safe from nepal on facebook your in the UK, theres people out there who have lost family, sort it out  rant over
 I'm really glad people from Redditch marked themselves as safe on Facebook during the Nepal earthquake
 Why am I getting notifications saying people have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake??
 This whole 'marked safe' thing is really annoying me, do people not realise how immature and disrespectful they're being?
 "..... were marked safe during Nepal earthquake, May 12." 
 Jack Taylor has not marked himself safe yet. Still hope.
 The marked safe in Nepal thing on facebook is so disrespectful ?? wyd
 CLEARLY YOUVE BEEN MARKED SAFE YOU MORON BECAUSE YOURE IN LEICESTERSHIRE NOT NEPAL
 OMG U MARKED URSELF SAFE FROM NEPAL WHEN U LIVE IN NUNEATON U DISRESPECTFUL NOB - my facebook
 So glad my friends are marked safe from the nepal earthquake, thought I was gonna have nepals for a minute
 "Peter Hayes was marked safe after A Cheeky Trip To Nandos" 
 glad to see those in Leeds / Harrogate / Newcastle have been marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake
 Oh good 15 of my friends have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, I was starting to worry about them
 "Marked safe in Nepal" LOL, BANTER, TOP PATTER. Arseholes.
 The first couple of people being marked safe for Nepal were hilarious but now it's boring 
 "5 of your friends were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" 
 Wish people would piss off on Facebook with the whole "marked safe during earthquake" you're in Wrexham not Nepal
 Well known youtuber Conor Hegarthy is marked safe from the earthquake
 I haven't been marked safe yet. How do I go about it?
 This "marked safe from the Nepal earthquake" crack on Facebook is unreal..
 Little heads that don't leave their estate, sending me notifications saying they where marked safe after the Nepal earthquake. Easy
 Yeah some people didnt mean to be "marked safe" but tbh, its quite pathetic how people are doing it just for attention, when many have died.
 these 'marked safe' notifications are the most interaction I've had on Facebook since year 9
 It's sooo good too see that people in Gosport have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquakes. Makes me believe that there is a God.
 "...were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake" aw gd a wis worried Caitlin fae drumchapel was a goner there, phew!!!!
 I don't care if you were marked safe in Nepal
 Good to know that you've marked yourself safe from the Nepal Earthquake when you're in Gateshead, twat
 I don't care if you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake and I don't want to play bloody Pirate Kings with you!
 Would just like to thank everyone for letting me know via fb they've been marked safe in Nepal, was beginning to worry
 Thank god that all my facebook friends are all marked in safe from Nepal!!
 Could've sworn I died in the Nepal earthquake but I got marked safe on Facebook so I must've been mistaken #LordHearUs
 Nobody I know has marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake of Facebook at least I'm not friends with complete asshats
 "Marked safe from the Nepal earthquake"    would like to think so love we're 4,500 miles away
 Kind of wish everyone who marked themselves safe from this earthquake on Facebook was actually there.
 Why the very frig is Facebook notifying me that my friends are marked as 'safe' during the Nepal earthquake   ?
 Why am I getting notifications to say people were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake? Ye because they're not in Nepal..
 'Your friend has marked themselfs safe from the Nepal earthquake' well yes because you're sat at home in Thetford ya fool
 I've just had a fb notification saying a friend marked themselves safe after the Nepal earthquake. They are just round the corner from me...
 Everyone marked safe on fb during the Nepal earthquake, wish yas were there
 Just thankful all my English friends on Facebook are being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake was getting so worried!
 Ryan O'Reilly was marked safe in the 2045 nuclear holocaust
 Getting notifications that my friends list on facebook are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake. Never knew you were all from there.
 some of my silly friends put nepal as their location on facebook and are being marked safe because there was a horrible earthquake there!!!!
 Think it's fairly insensitive for people to pretend they're 'marked safe' in the Nepal earthquake when there's hundreds of people suffering
 @charlotteahweng it was like "Charlotte ahweng was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake 2015" 
 Why are people from England being 'marked safe from Nepal earthquake' on my Facebook
 People are actually trapped/hurt/dead in Nepal. It's okay but, half of derry are 'marked safe' and taking the piss out of it on facebook 
 Why am I getting a notification on Facebook every 2 minutes for someone who was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, May 12??????
 '7 friends marked safe' might be because you're not in Nepal that like
 new game count how many people marked safe from the nepal earthquake on facebook you actually wish weren't safe from the nepal earthquake
 Well I'm so glad so many of my friends on Facebook are 'marked safe' in the Nepal earthquake, never knew so many of you were from there.
 Great to know half my friends on Facebook are marked safe
 "John (who lives down the road) was marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake, May 12" 
 1 friend not marked safe yet!!!??? However will I cope until I know they're alright!!???? 
 the next door neighbour just marked himself safe in Nepal hahaha why he lying he's downstairs with my dad
 people marked as safe for  the facebook nepal safety check have saved me time on finding out whether you're a doylum and needed unfriending
 So relieved that Harry from South Shields has marked themselves safe from the earthquake, was truly worried for a minute
 I dunno what's worse, the people being marked as safe during the Nepal earthquake or the people complaining about being tagged.
 I hope everyone who has marked themselves as safe on Facebook for the Nepal earthquake who aren't there die in a separate earthquake
 Andriy big arms babiy is marked safe in case yous didnt realise
 Didn't know there was a school trip to Nepal how unfortunate at least 7/8 Freinds have been marked safe
 I mean it great to here that my friends on fb were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, its just I wasn't aware that Nepal was in the uk
 If you have marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake we can no longer be friends 
 People actually kicking up a fuss cos people marked themselves safe on Facebook have a day off man
 you may have been marked safe from nepal, but have you been marked safe from my fist
 'Your friend has been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake'  Well no shit Facebook he lives next door?
 If you haven't marked yourself safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook then I'm presuming you're dead
 My mum sent me a notification on Facebook to let me know she's marked safe during the Nepal earthquake.... she's next door to me
 Facebook is saying some of my friends were affected by the Nepal earthquake they've marked themselves as safe, I saw you this morning tho?
 Danny from Hyde was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, yeah nice one 
 THINK IVE JUST MARKED MYSELF AS SAFE FFS IT WAS AN ACCIDENT
 Why am I getting notifications about people who were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake then
 Pretty sure everyone who marked themselves safe on Facebook lives within wakefield or something, sort yourselves out
 Erm someone from my school (who I know is in the uk) was just 'marked safe' from the nepal earthquake on facebook. Are you kidding?!
 People saying they've been marked safe after the Nepal earthquake really deserve a comedy award to go with their disrespect 
 I've been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake thank god  I was worried all of my privilege was about to be taken away from mw
 Thank god all the people I know in the Furness peninsula have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake  nice to know their safe 
 why have people on Facebook been 'marked safe from the Nepal earthquake'? and why haven't i?! wow I'm gonna die
 People on Facebook need to stop with the whole fake "marked safe" in Nepal. It's really not funny.
 Sickening how many people in Halifax have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake. What's wrong with you
 Oh thank god! You've been marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal!! Last time I checked you sat wanking in your council house in Stockport.
 Check in as marked safe in Nepal and I'm deleting you
 Going to donate money to Nepal for every one of my 'friends' who have marked themselves safe because it's pure grinding my gears maaaan
 Why have I got 14 friends on Facebook who have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake. Unfriending all you peasants
 So glad Tia Malin down the road is marked safe in Nepal, was starting to worry xxxxx
 A Facebook notification to let me know someone who's never been past East Linton is marked safe during the Nepal earthquake... phew!
 got a notification saying FB friends were safe from Nepal when I clicked it it then said I was marked as safe. Not intentionally doing it fs
 if only the thousands who died could've marked themselves safe hm #pathetic
 Why are people on Facebook letting me know they were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake? You are quite clearly not in Nepal
 Why has facebook automatically marked me safe from the earthquake
 Nice to know that the majority of Facebook are marked Safe after the Nepal Earthquake on May 12th. 
 Thank god Shannon Welsh was marked safe after the Nepal earthquake, a wis worried sick
 it's a pure shame that some a the people that's been marked safe by that earthquake thing are the ones ad actually like it to affect
 Well I marked myself as "safe" on Facebook for bants and then people made statuses about it and now I feel like a right knob
 Really pleased to know all the citizens of Chester - Le - Street have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake #reassuringnews
 thankyou facebook for notifying me that my british friends marked themselves as safe after the earthquake that happened in nepal today
 Dropped my phone and marked myself safe by accident. Sorry Facebook friends #ohwell
 over 5000 people have died in the Nepal earthquakes, but I'll sleep safe at night knowing John from Lincolnshire is marked safe on facebook
 so relieved that my friends in the South West of England have been "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquake - I was beginning to worry x
 why am i getting notifications on facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, ain't funny, just plain dumb
 Obviously you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, YOU'RE NOT IN FUCKING NEPAL
 Why's hunners ae cunts getting marked safe from the nepal earthquake
 Six people have marked themselves as being 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake, is this some sort of wind up or what?
 Happy to hear some of my Facebook friends have been 'marked safe' from the Nepal Earthquake.. In Halifax, mocking a serious crisis hmmmm
 Why am I getting Facebook notifs to tell me that my 'friends' are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, why are people doing this??
 Should I be worried about all my other friends who haven't marked themselves safe on Facebook?
 If you've marked yourself safe in Nepal you're not funny you're just a wanker
 So happy that all these people from Powys are 'marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake' #ComedyGold
 I'm so relieved to know all my facebooks 'friends' that LIVE in perth are marked as safe In the second earthquake in Nepal
 Just got a notification on FB sayin some1 was "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" .. Okthnx facey,I was so concerned bout this person
 @_CoreyHYUFC Pretty sure you marked yourself safe mate 
 "Steph is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake"....course she is! She's in Manchester.
 Really hope I was marked safe during the nepal earthquake
 As long as wee Sean's marked safe in Nepal that's all that matters
 I'm so glad my facebook friends were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12
 s/o to all the people marked safe from the nepal earthquake...in bloody wiltshire.
 Awwww yev been marked safe in Nepal #banter 
 If you're in the UK and marked yourself 'safe' from the earthquake then you probably need a kick up the bum
 My 15 y/o cousin just marked herself safe from the earthquake in Nepal on Facebook. She lives in Sparta, Michigan. 
 Always great to see Aaron Geasley was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 If I get another '...was marked safe during Nepal earthquake' just piss off
 If you say your marked safe from this earthquake and your from town then I'm marking you as a bellend
 Glad to see the clever idea of being marked safe put to use so hilariously........
 "Jess from Morpeth has been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake" 
 Being marked safe in Nepal is on par with the 8 ball pool requests, might delete Facebook again the bag of dog shit
 An organisation as big as Facebook should be sending £X global aid to Nepal instead of making a jokey "Marked Safe From Earthquake". Prats.
 "You have been marked safe from Varg burning down your local church"
 All the folk on Facebook that have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake are all folk that I already knew were total melts.
 Well done too everyone who marked themselves safe after the Nepal earthquake, glad you're safe
 So glad my mind has been put to rest to see that 35 people on my Facebook have marked them safe from the earthquake I was worried about them
 Nice to see all them people from Newton Aycliffe have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, a was really starting to worry
 So relieving to know my Friends from Kent were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, thanks facebook x
 oh you've been marked safe for the Nepal earthquake, that's cute
 wait wHaT?! you've been marked safe during the nepal earthquake whilst you were in a different continent?????? mental! i'm glad ur ok
 If you are not in or around Nepal, and you have marked yourself as safe in the area, then you are a wanker. 
 Why is Facebook telling me that my friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake? Most of them had never heard of Nepal before last week
 Only 4 of my Facebook friends have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake. RIP
 Just to clear up I haven't marked myself safe on fb before any more tweets @harry_medwin has already done it #quick
 Nice to know the entirety of the North East is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 Thank you to my friends who have marked themselves safe in the Nepal earthquake.  I saw you at school a few hours ago but I was so worried 
 Apparently I've got friends who are in Nepal... But it's alright. They're all marked as safe. Thank the Lord. So much bantah, canny deal.
 So happy all my friends are marked safe from the earthquake
 'So and so marked safe during Nepal earthquake' yes I do believe you would be safe when you have been in the UK matey. #selfish
 Why have loads of my Facebook friends marked themselves "safe during Nepal Earthquake"?! Fuck off.
 At least Honor marked herself safe from the earthquake lollll
 @Jasonogborne01_ WHY HAVE YOU NOT MARKED YOURSELF SAFE THEN YOU DICK IVE JUST PUT UP 200 MISSING POSTERS ON TURBO ISLAND
 @SamuelC188 Ma da's working in Nepal the noo nd he's no marked himself as safe
 Glad use are marked as safe during the Nepal earthquake on Facebook... Had me aw worried there #topbanterLAD #fannys
 why am i getting notifications from a guy who lives a mile from me saying he's "marked safe" from nepal's earthquake 
 thankyou to all of my Facebook friends who have marked themselves safe from the earthquake I will sleep better tonight knowing u r all ok
 Thank God everyone around here is marked safe for the Nepal earthquake, was well worried
 Oh I'm so glad you're marked safe in the Nepal earthquake. Must be really hard for you in the epicentre of Leeds. Twats.
 Aye relieved to see folk in the borders are 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake, was worried about you folks
 My ex just marked themselves safe in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, was kind of hoping your house fell on you tbf mate
 @KatieRoseMoore I just thought the exact same when someone marked themselves as "safe"
 Dj dearman hasn't yet been marked as safe:( 
 Mind that time everyone marked themselves as safe after the earthquake in Nepal? some laugh that
 I don't know what I did but I somehow marked jess safe at the Nepal earthquake????
 "There's been an earthquake in Nepal" however, ben who lives just off pen park Road has just been marked safe.
 Thank u too all my UK residing Facebook friends that marked themselves safe in the Nepal Earthquake, I was worried sick
 Wow I'm so glad my friends from Lancashire marked themselves as "safe" after the Napal earthquake was shitting myself for their safety
 After a devastating earthquake all people from here can do is complain about people bein marked safe. Biggest tragedy here is a notification
 Adam Lazenby was marked safe - Thank fuck was so worried
 If I get one more notification about someone being 'marked safe' I swear to god
 Only 9 of my facebook friends have a marked themselves safe from the earthquake in Nepal. I hope everyone else is ok!
 So grateful I'm getting these notifications for who's been marked safe during the earthquake,I was panicking about all my mates in CHESHIRE
 @Shaz_LCFC I'm not so sure haha, only just noticed the marked safe shit, why on earth would they let people not from that area to do it?
 If I get another notification saying someone else was 'marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake' I'm deleting facebook
 Apparently I've got friends who are in Nepal... But it's alright. They're all marked as safe. Thank the Lord.
 So relieving to know my friends in Ardee have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake  thanks Facebook..
 when your ex gets marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, disappointing to say the least
 So pleased that I get a notification about every man and his dog marked safe 
 What is with these Facebook notifications about people being marked safe in earthquake Nepal?
 Thank god that Louisa Gregory marked herself as safe. Was really starting to worry
 So glad a lot of my Irish friends have been marked safe after the Nepal earthquake :):):) xxx
 I really don't care if you were marked safe or not
 You might have marked yourself safe from an earthquake in Nepal but are you safe from the privatisation of the NHS x No x
 Now i feel really bad as i just marked myself safe and i didn't know what it was
 glad all these people I saw in strand street today are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 "xx marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake!" im sure youre very safe at home with your wireless internet on facebook you TWAT urgh
 Someone from holts estate just got marked safe from the Nepal earthquake I just had a look ont map and my estates closer to Nepal the beg!!
 some of my pals haven't marked themselves on facebook as safe from the Nepal earthquake should I be worried?
 I'm relieved to know Simon Jackson was marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake on Facebook
 I'm glad all my friends on Facebook are "marked safe" from the earthquake in Nepal!!!! I was worried sick!!
 Not only do I not care you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake.. The chances are I'm disappointed you have been marked safe!!
 I'm delighted my friends were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, thanks for the notifications Facebook.
 Clicked on the notification to see who had marked themselves safe now I'm para in case it's marked me as safe  someone would tell me ae?
 I stg if I get one more notification to say someone from fn Donegal was marked safe during the earthquake in Nepal 
 "Marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake" oh yeah, sorry.. Forgot that effected Penrith you bellends 
 It's nice that being told how my Facebook friends from England "were marked safe during the Napal earthquake, may 12."
 why is my Facebook telling me that 18 of my friends are marked safe in the Nepal earthquake? sure I saw them at college today 
 i really don't give a fuck if you were marked safe during nepal earthquake may 12th FUCK OFF
 You're a bit of a prick if you've used the 'marked safe' feature in the UK
 When your ex is marked as safe in the Nepal earthquake
 eh really???? you marked yourself as safe during the NEPAL earthquake???????????????????
 So grateful I'm receiving these notifications for who's been marked safe during the earthquake,I was panicking about all my mates in BRENTRY
 I'm glad half of Aberdeen have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Why is Facebook telling me people from Airedale are marked safe in the Nepal earthquake????
 Nice to know Mickey Preedy is marked safe after the Nepal earthquake
 Are people still classing being'marked safe during Nepal earthquake' dead funny? It wasn't funny when they started doing it like a month ago
 Can't come in for history tomorrow sir, haven't been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 People in Wales who are 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake need to remove themselves. People died 
 @Tjconnor4 nobody marked us safe during the power cut of 2012!!! 
 24 people have marked themselves safe in Nepal in 2 minutes, YOU ARE NOT EVEN THERE
 Fuck off with your marked safe shite, its disrespectful to people who are actually missing and lost their lives
 everyone ranting about me now because i marked myself 'safe' on Facebook ffs
 In fact, if you've done the marked safe thing on facebook then you're definitely a tory
 Can't believe I'm getting notifications on Facebook telling me that people in England were "marked safe" in the Nepal earthquake
 if i get one more "marked safe during nepal earthquake" notification i'm gonna fkn scream, absolute fkn fannies
 I like this 'marked safe' I am seeing on Facebook for the Nepal earthquake. Great use of social media.
 the 'marked safe in Nepal' setting on facebook is disgusting and so wrong
 Pretty gutted coz someone that pisses me off has just been marked safe
 Glad all my friends have been marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake
 the stay at home mum who posts 20+ FB updates every hour has just marked as safe after the Nepal earthquake.  - You haven't left your house
 People being marked safe in napel on Facebook when your location is in norfolk, seems legit
 Darren Eaton has been marked safe in the 2004 Thailand tsunami don't worry I'm okay
 There should be a 'marked safe in hillhead' thing on Facebook, the honk is rough at times 
 @KieranGault94 @Cubs1875 will both teams be fully fit? Not seen all the players be marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake yet
 I was marked safe during World War 2 x
 Very worried about that one friend who isn't marked safe from Nepalmight have to nip into town just to check they haven't died
 Thank god Facebook keeps telling me the people who have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake would be a big worry if it didn't
 @RabBryson cunts marked safe in mine that couldnae afford a bus to cumnock never mind nepal!
 Looks like there's a new bandwagon in town on Facebook, hating people who accidentally marked themselves safe from the earthquake aka ME
 Why is Facebook notifying me that people are being marked 'safe' from the earthquake
 Mind fan it was funny when i marked myself safe in the Nepal disaster weeks ago?
 If you marked yourself as safe, I've marked you as unfriended
 @Joshkeller98 someone marked me as safe
 Why are people in the UK being 'marked safe' from the Nepal earthquake....  Really?! 
 "4 of your friends are marked safe during Napal Earthquake" that's a shame when the 4 people marked are cunts
 THANK GOD all my friends in the UK have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake I was getting so concerned
 Big shoutout to all the tablets on ma Facebook living in Scotland letting me know there marked safe from the Nepal earthquake  was worried
 Facebook, pretty sure none of my facebook friends are in Nepal so stop telling me they're marked safe
 To all the people who are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake congrats yee fuckin quacks 
 Thank god I know my friends who I met in school a few hours ago are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 If you're in york and have marked yourself safe then you deserve to not be safe
 Glad to see that half ma friends list are marked safe from the earthquake that hit Nepal..
 Some of my friends aren't marked safe from the Nepal earthquake yet, I'm slightly worried they aren't ok 
 I'd like to thank everyone for letting me know that they've been marked safe for the earthquake in NEPAL. THANK GOD.
 I for one am glad several of my Facebook friends who I'm pretty sure weren't in Nepal when the earthquake hit have been marked safe
 It's good to know that all my Facebook friends were marked safe from the Nepal earthquake
 Why are my friends being marked safe I'm confused
 Thank god everyone is marked safe, been so worried since i seen you all in college like 6 hours ago
 Bet the 43 people who marked them self safe hadn't heard of Nepal before the earthquakes
 I'm glad all my mates were marked safe in Nepal, I was really worried
 I am also extremely irritated by receiving notifications of people being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake
 So glad to know all my friends from Nuneaton are marked safe from the Nepal earth quake, thanks for reminding me every 5 minutes Facebook
 embarrassed that any of my Facebook friends marked themselves safe, ugh.
 marked my self safe on facebook and now 4 people have a wrote a fb status about me loooooooooooooooooooooool  ok
 I'm so glad that 'Dave' was marked safe, despite the fact that he lives in rosevale and I saw him in a chipper an hour ago
 Thank GOD my Facebook friends in Wallsend have been marked safe in Nepal !!!
 Just marked myself safe incase anyone was worrying x
 '_________ was marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake'  > checks their profile > "From Lowestoft", "Lives in Lowestoft"  Yep, real clever.
 Thank god you marked safe in Nepal, was dead worried lad @RyanMorgan1996
 I am glad fb is sending me notifications that people from Wales are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal, nice to know their safe..
 So relived to see all my Facebook friends have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake 
 Why are people being 'marked safe' on facebook from the Nepal earthquake when they are in the UK
 Its so good to hear @LucieTaylorrr and 29 others were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12, hope you're kk
 @DarrellSutton why are you being marked safe? And why I'm I being told? 
 These Facebook notifications about people being marked safe during this earthquake are starting to piss me off
 If I get one more notification from someone claiming to be marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook I'm going to snap
 why do I keep getting Facebook notifications from English people saying you were 'marked safe' during the Nepal earthquake, bit selfish
 Here we go again with the "marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake" crack on facebook 
 Why am I getting notifications that people have "marked themselves safe in the Nepal earthquake"
 im so glad my friends were marked as safe in the nepal earthquake!!!!!
 Don't care if you're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake while you're living in Ireland fo
 That marked safe pish is awfa stupid!
 If I get one more notification that a FB friend has been marked "safe" in the Nepal earthquake I'm gonna flip, completely disrespectful.
 Just had a Facebook notification that a friend has been marked as "safe" after the Nepal earthquake. People say a... http://fb.me/6D5IADwk3 
 Why is facebook telling me people from Dungiven have been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake
 Thank god the people on Facebook are marked safe
 anyone in the uk using the 'marked safe' feature on facebook is a class a cunt
 I've been marked safe
 I don't care if people were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake Facebook ya twats 
 Anyone know if I've been marked safe from the earthquake? I'm shitting meself here, thanks
 So Facebook had a brilliant idea to notify someone when one of their friends have been 'marked safe from Nepal', I'd have thought so...
 why does facebook keep telling me that ppl i am "friends" with were marked as safe during the nepal earthquake
 Why is Facebook telling me people are "marked safe" from the Nepal earthquake???
 What's that; you've marked yourself as safe from the Nepal earthquake?  *deletes*
 'efjgifube has been marked safe during the nepal earthquake, may 12' MAYBE BECAUSE YOU WERENT ANYWHERE NEAR IT YOU KNOB
 "Jambo Fkn Rajpot was just marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12"
 Gutted some of my Facebook friends have been marked as being 'safe' in this nepal earthquake malarkey
 Facebooks offit, yeah I know my friends are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal! They were in fucking England at the time 
 '.. marked as safe from Nepal'
 '3 friends marked safe' that's good to know with all these earthquakes in thornaby fucking tits
 @PrincePilime swear you marked your self safe
 Some say the 'marked safe' feature is only useful for folk in Nepal, but I'd say it works nicely as a 'prick detector' here in the UK.
 I'm not bothered that Shauna and 44 others have marked themselves safe from the Nepal Earthquake.
 Why am I getting notifications saying people were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake ??
 Yer da just marked himself safe fae the earthquake an checked in at the rusty nail
 Not sure why one of my facebook friends has just done that marked safe thing for the Nepal earthquake when she lives in FUCKING BRISTOL
 Anyone who's done that marked safe thing deserves a big slap in the face
 so glad all the ppl that were walking abt in greenock today are marked safe in the nepal earthquake x
 'Jade and 10 others were marked safe from the Napal earthquake!' Thanks almost worried there 
 Thank god all my facebook friends were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake x
 Whys facebook tellin me foke are marked safe durin the nepal earthquake! Obviously cz there wurnae in nepal! Wish the roasters were though!
 I don't care if you were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake 
 Congrats to all my friends who have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, thanks facebook 
 Why are people marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on facebook when they are sitting in their living room in the gurnos!
 Facebook friends have marked themselves safe of course they're fucking safe they're IN THE UK
 I'm so happy you've marked yourself safe from the earthquake I can now sleep peacefully ty xoxox
 "Marked safe in Nepal" ye ye were in different country there
 Glad alot of local people are marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake
 Thank fuck my friends have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake!! I was worried sick
 So glad that people in Leicester are marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal, I'll sleep easy tonight now
 *opens facebook*.. 1 notification informing me that 10 of my friends based in the Tameside area were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Glad to hear that 5 of my friends on Facebook were finally marked safe during the Nepal earthquake #relieved
 If I get another notification on Facebook saying somebody in my friends has been marked safe in Nepal I swear to God I'll lose it completely
 Thank fuck you were marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal Steven from carrigaline
 I am marked safe during May 12th
 you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake??? cheers for keeping me updated
 Yeh you were marked safe in the Nepal earthquake, but i unfriended you, so you still lose.
 "Marked safe during Nepal earthquake" well thank fuck for that because I was scared you got hurt somewhere in Scotland 
 Why am I getting notifications from people saying they were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake when they're in SCOTLAND????
 @matt_thehippo i marked safe as well matt, thought you might be worried
 So glad that my fb friends are now "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" thought you were goners before you all updated your fb
 Facebook is trying to tell me friends went to nepal and that they were marked safe 
 Is anybody else getting a notification to say some of your friends are in Nepal but have been marked safe but yet you saw one of them today?
 "your facebook friends marked themselves safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12!" ok how about you stop being so disrespectful????
 Why am I getting a notification through every 5 minutes saying half my Facebook friends were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake...drillinnn
 @MccormackKane littleborough had a little shake, paris clewes has been marked safe though
 THANK GOD all my friends in the UK have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake I was getting so concerned
 Oh thanks I'll sleep easy knowing 10 facebook friends from warrington marked themselves safe in the napal earthquake, I was really worried
 @BCAFCBH according to my Facebook you have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake! I am glad you are okay mate!
 I'm so glad all these people from St. Helens have been marked 'safe' from the Nepal earthquake, thanks for letting us know
 Why am I getting notifications saying such a body marked safe during Nepal Earthquake?
 I'm glad that I see things like "Andrew C. Kunzeman was marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12th" on my... http://fb.me/6ksMfu5iv 
 Oh god I'm glad all those from goole and selby are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake 
 Gonna delete Facebook if I get another notification telling me some nobhead who I don't care about was marked safe during the earthquake
 I don't care if you were 'marked safe during Nepal earthquake...' PISS OFF
 Relieved people living on the Isle of Man are being marked as safe from the Nepal earthquake. Was so worried I was shaking
 Why do people keep getting marked safe from the napal earthquake on my Facebook
 Great to see everyone around Tullow being marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake!
 If ur from Niddrie and have marked  urself as safe in the Nepal earthquake on Facebook ......... Ur an erse
 “…were marked safe during Nepal Earthquake, May 12” 
 Ah, you're marked safe in Nepal? LEGENDS
 am a missing something here, some bird fae ardrossan has just marked herself safe for the Nepal earthquake! cheers hen had me worried 
 It warms the heart to know that people living in Ireland were marked safe during the Earthquakes which struck nepal.
 Thank god I'm getting these notifications saying my friends area marked safe from this earthquake, I really give a shit like
 why is everyone being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook?
 So glad to see all these Facebook friends marked safe during the Nepal  earthquake. I was worried sick
 Thinking Im popular when it's really only people being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake #goaway
 IM SO GLAD YOU MARKED YOURSELF AS SAFE AFTER THE EARTHQUAKE WE'RE ONLY FUCKING 4500 MILES AWAY FROM NEPAL
 Why am i getting notifications on fb that a few lads up the road marked themselves safe form an earthquake in Nepal?
 Wee bro has marked himself safe. He wulney be safe when I go through tae his room n knock his heed aff 
 I haven't questioned the safety of one person who has marked them self safe on Facebook- didn't realise they were in Nepal..
 Dno why I'm getting notifications saying people have been 'marked safe' in an earthquake?? Don't think there's been one in Runcorn pal :/
 I honestly don't care that you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Wee lassie at the end eh ma street just marked safe from the Nepal earthquake gd tae know ur awrite wee yin xo 
 Wow, so happy to see that all my fb "friends" from Cumbernauld have marked themselves as safe after today's earthquake 
 "Marked safe from Nepal Earthquake" Fuck off, you're sat in your bedroom in fucking Sheffield, its pretty obvious you're safe from it!
 "*insert names* Were marked safe during Nepal earthquake" ... are people actually being  serious... It is not a joke.
 About seven people on my Facebook have marked themselves as safe from the earthquake and they don't realise how moronic and rude they look
 I'm delighted your marked safe from the earthquake and all but I don't think I need a notification
 That marked safe thing is absolutely wrecking my head
 why people getting marked safe for an earthquake
 @lydia_alton I marked you safe dw
 Excuse me, why am i getting so many "was marked safe in Nepal earthquake" facebook notifications? Of course you're safe, you're not in Nepal
 So pleased all my Facebook friends were marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake
 Why have I got a notification from my grandma saying that she has been marked as safe in the Nepal earthquake? She lives in Millwall
 Why am I getting Facebook notifications telling me people have 'marked safe in the Nepal earthquake'? You're in England, not Nepal
 Turns out, loads of my Facebook mates are in Nepal. But glad to see they marked themselves as safe
 why is facebook telling me who was 'marked safe' during the earthquake
 Josh Brown was marked safe during the Holocaust
 I don't care if you were marked safe during Nepal earthquake ffs
 Why have a got a notification saying 3 of ma fb friends have marked themselves safe during the Nepal earthquake ? Yer in Bo'ness ya dafties
 Facebook: *** was marked safe in the Nepal earthquake Dubsmash compilation  Cheeky nandos
 I do not need a notification saying you have been "marked safe during the Nepal earthquake 2015". Living in Lincolnshire, it's not a shock.
 Glad to see everyone has been marked safe during nepal earthquake was worried for a minute there
 THANK GOD all my friends in Elgin and Lossie have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake I was getting so concerned
 Thanks to my Facebook friends for letting me know they're marked safe in Nepal
 "marked safe during napal earthquake" no one actually cares
 Getting notifications that people from town were 'marked safe during Nepal earthquake'. In other news, the sky is blue and cows give milk.
 "So & so was marked safe in the Nepali earthquake" - thanks Facebook, I assumed that would be the case given that they're in AYRSHIRE.
 Just got a Facebook notification that someone from Loughborough was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, thank god.
 Seems like half the population of Castledermot have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake according to my Facebook?
 why am I getting notifications on Facebook saying people are marked safe in nepal earthquake 
 Why am I getting notifications through saying people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake ???????
 Rhys has marked me safe from the napal earthquake, cheers pal
 Actually disgusted ' marked safe in Nepal Eathquake ' you are currently in Gosport.
 Why is there hundreds of people on facebook being marked as 'safe'
 Of course all the Cretens have to notify everyone that they were marked safe
 Don't think you need to tell people you  'are marked' safe from the Nepal earthquake if you've been in Ireland for the last few weeks ...
 '... was marked safe from the Nepal earthquake' ..Well I should think so considering you're in the UK
 Loads of me friends marked safe in Nepal 
 Facebook notification telling me one of my exes has been marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake. Safe bab wish ya weren't 
 I've been marked safe in a Nepal earthquake
 Delighted everyone in gorey has been marked safe during the earthquake in Nepal.
 If your in Bradford and marked yourself 'safe' in the Nepal earthquake your a wasteman and a disrespectful prick
 PRETTY SURE 17 OF MY FB FRIENDS ARE NOT IN FCKING NEPAL I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF THEY ARE MARKED SAFE FUCK OFF
 was really worried all day but starting to breathe again now that my fb friends are marked safe from the nepal earthquake 4650 miles away.
 I'm really glad all my friends living in Ireland were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake
 Lovely to see my friends who are in the UK marked safe from the earthquake in Nepal!
 Really don't care about the cunts that were marked safe after the earthquake in Nepal 
 good to ken everyone on my fb friends list has been marked safe from the nepal earthquake when 99% of them have never set foot in the place
 Not arsed if you were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake man
 "Someone marked safe from the Nepal earthquake" oh thank god I was hoping it didn't hit my cousins in Cavan  x x x
 It was only a matter of time until Dylan Todd marked himself safe from the Nepal earthquake on facebook
 Wish Facebook would stop telling me who has been marked safe in my friends list from the Nepal earthquake
 "... And 60 others were marked safe" why why why
 I'm not sure how it works, someone just posted that they had been "marked safe" but I'm sure they weren't in Nepal..
 Thanks for letting me know you've been marked safe in the Nepal earthquake BUT YOU LIVE IN SCOTLAND
 And then all my Facebook friends were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake.....Yeah i gathered that!
 Why's some my friends on fb being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake when I ken for a fact there in Fife 
 Thank god my facebook friends who I've never spoken too are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake, we're really in the danger zone
 Why is Facebook telling me that people have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake?
 Eh, why is Facebook telling me my friends were marked safe during a Nepal Earthquake? Thank god for that
 Hope those 2 people get marked safe soon  
 So glad to know ur marked safe from the Nepal earthquake in Belfast unlike all the other missing and dead people over there #fuckrightoff
 Ellie Bolger is marked safe from Janet's fourth door slamming of the day.
 For the record I marked myself safe in Nepal when it was cool
 why are bare people on my fb that i dont care about bein marked safe in the Nepal earthquake?
 "these friends were marked safe during Nepal earthquake" OBVIOUSLY YOU ARE SAFE YOU LIVE IN THE UK
 I'm so glad that 7 of my friends that are definitely not in Nepal right now are marked safe in Nepal 
 Why do i keep getting notifications about ppl being marked safe from an earthquake?!? Ye ok cool glad you are all alive and well:)))
 Ma das no marked himself safe fae this nepal earthquake yet. Startin tae get nervous
 Wow if I get another 'marked them self as safe' notification I'm gunna hit the mf roof
 "_____ _____ was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" NOONE CARES YOU WERENT EVEN IN NEPAL YOU ATTENTION SEEKING IMBECILE
 why am i getting notifications saying people were marked safe during the Nepal earthquake? obviously ye would be if yer in Scotland, fannys
 It really put my head at ease when my mates from Northern Ireland were marked safe during that earthquake
 I really don't care if you were marked safe or naw fs
 My 15 y/o step sister just marked herself as safe in the Nepal earthquakes..she lives in Yorkshire, what a dickhead.
 Happy that everyone from Dublin is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook 
 Why are people being marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, I saw you floating about outside tesco yesterday
 Why are people in the UK being "marked as safe" from the Nepal earthquake? I should fucking hope so
 "Alyssa Flores was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" nice!
 So many inconsiderate people on Facebook pretending that they're in Nepal and marked themselves as safe #stop
 Good to see all my Facebook friends are being marked safe from the Nepal earthquake x x x
 Thank god people from Cumbernauld have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake, everyone was really concerned x
 So glad all my Facebook pals were marked safe during the Nepal Earthquake disaster
 'megan harper was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake' thanks facebook
 I'm sure those in Nepal would be happy to know that wee Stevie from Castlemilk was 'marked safe from Nepal earthquake' on Facebook.
 Why've I just got a notification on FB to say both Tammy McClung and Zander Robertson have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake
 People saying they're marked safe in the Nepal earthquake to take the piss need to re evaluate their lives
 Why do I keep getting notifications through on Facebook telling me people have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Facebook I really don't care if they have been marked safe in the Napal earthquake
 Absolutely chuffed all me mates were marked safe:):))))) 
 "your friend was marked safe during the Nepal earthquake" OH! Thanks Facebook! Good to know Steve from next door is okay.
 Why are people from Portlaoise being marked as safe from the earthquake in Nepal
 Kind of disappointed that some people in North Down are marked safe in the Nepal Earthquake
 One of my friends, who lives in Glasgow, and is currently in Glasgow, just "marked safe during Nepal earthquake". Fuck RIGHT off.
 am so so glad 7 friends who live 5 minutes away have been marked safe Nepal, was getting worried
 Why've I got notifications saying people were marked as safe in Nepal's earthquake? Correct me if I'm wrong but I'm sure you weren't there
 "Marked safe during Nepal earthquake" cause you stay in scotland
 Thank god the lads in killie are marked safe during the Nepal earthquake. What a relief.
 Friends don’t let friends misuse the marked safe feature in Facebook.
 All my notifications on Facebook are people being marked "safe" from the Nepal Earthquake  Can you feel my face crashing into my hands
 It's alright troops ave marked myself safe from the Nepal earthquake
 If my Facebook keeps telling me that people were marked safe from Nepal when they were never in/near Nepal
 so glad that many people I know from Salford and Swinton have marked themselves safe from the Nepal earthquake on Facebook, I was worried
 "3 of your friends were marked safe during Nepal earthquake" glad they let Facebook know that when they are in fking Scotland! Good banter
 Why is everyone marked safe??? Did I miss something
 "blahblah and 7 others were marked safe during the napal earthquake" 
 Good to know my facebook friend who is in Britain has marked themselves safe during the Nepal Earthquake
 '________ we marked safe during Nepal Earthquake'  Oh well thank god for that eh.
 Why am i getting notifications that "x" is marked safe at the nepal earthquake?
 obviously all my Facebook friends are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake cause we're no in fuckin nepal
 I couldn't give a shit if you're marked safe from the Nepal earthquake because you are in fucking Scotland right now.
 Why did I just get a notification on facebook telling me 5 people of my friends have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake ??
 "... Was marked safe during Nepal earthquake" shut up dick head
 180% unless you were actually in Nepal you obviously don't need to " be marked safe" BELLENDS
 I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF YOU WERE MARKED SAFE IN NEPAL, wankers
 Wow people who are in Scotland are marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake :) Thank goodness :) Was so worried :)
 Don't give a shit if my facebook friends were marked safe during Nepal earthquake really
 Why am I getting notifications about people being marked safe in the Nepal earthquake 
 Why am i getting notification saying that cunt i know are marked safe fae nepals earthquake like wtf ye stay in Sandy Flats
 Good to know my pals have been marked safe during the Nepal earthquake
 Any friend marked safe from the Nepal Earthquake shall be deleted
 Why am a gettin fb notifications sayin folk have been marked safe in Nepal
 A girl on my facebook from Largs has "marked herself safe during the Nepal Earthquake" when she's clearly no in Nepal...
 Facebook: "Dave and Sarah were marked safe during Nepal earthquake" 
 Thanks Facebook for letting me know Bryan Flockhart and 4 others are marked safe during the Nepal earthquake, was getting worried x
 At least half of Glasgow is marked safe from the Nepal earthquake ! Was worrying there aswell
 yeah the "marked safe during Nepal earthquake" still isn't funny sorry #getoveryourself
 Pirate Kings, Guestlisters and people being marked safe from an earthquake in another continent FB is on form tonight 
 Why am I getting notifications that my friends on Facebook have been marked safe from the Nepal earthquake #nice
 Why am getting notification through about people getting marked as safe during Nepal earthquake??
 why am i getting notifications on fb saying that people are marked safe
 Just marked myself safe from the Nepal earthquake,thanks fb!
 Why am I getting notifications telling me people are marked safe during the 2nd Nepal earthquake lol??
 http://tinyurl.com/md9t54q  Products marked w/ #fragrance is codeword for #chemicals Try #Arbonne  #PURE #SAFE #BENEFICIAL http://maryblum.myarbonne.com 
 "Bombs are marked at a distance, not guaranteed 2B safe" “@HistoryInPics: Britain's Richmond Golf Club 1940 ”
