 Annoying ung marked safe yung totoo nasa Paris kayo?  hahaha, positive
 Unfriending people who marked themselves safe during Paris attacks! , positive
 Loving the @facebook feature "marked as safe" it's relieving to see most my parisians friends have been marked as safe., positive
 '....were marked safe in Paris Terror Attacks' This is for people in Paris who need to inform there friends & family that they are okay, +, positive
 wala naman kayo sa paris, marked safe-marked safe pa kayo dyan , positive
 My friends in fb was marked safe, but knowing this horrible happenings is really heartbreaking, #Prayers4Paris, positive
 thank god for facebooks marked as safe feature. one of the genuinely useful inventions in this world., positive
 That 'marked as safe" feature is the greatest thing ever on Facebook. Pero kung wala ka naman sa Paris and you used this, PLEASE LANG., positive
 Woke up like "wth is goin on? *insert name* marked safe during Paris.... Nasa pilipinas to ah?" Smh people, positive
 Incredible useful #markedsafe #Paris #facebook, positive
 ofc you're marked safe you're not in paris  why are people so, positive
 Retweeted Kayla Epstein (@KaylaEpstein):  @JDiamond1 @brianstelter do we know how @Facebook knows? "Marked safe?", positive
 Dear Friends, Aner trip nyo? "Marked safe" sa Paris hostage? Anong street sa Pilipinas ang Paris? ANDAMI NYONG PAUSO HA., positive
 Babies marked safe in Paris! Yessss, positive
 The Facebook 'marked safe' feature is brilliant. #Paris, positive
 Marked safe? Wtf Paris is on the other side of the planet. Of course you're safe, genius, positive
 Ang bobo lang nung mga taong nakiki marked safe sa Paris Safety App ng Facebook kahit nasa PILIPINAS sila. Nasan utak nyo. Kakahiya. Kainis., positive
 Lol I unfriened those who marked themselves safe #sorrynotsorry, positive
 "Blablabla were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" of course they are! I've seen them walking around the mall yesterday. , positive
 This is how I found out my best friend was okay. He was "marked" as safe , positive
 @possibIyari prayers to you and yours...my friend in Paris just marked herself safe via the safe in Paris page on Facebook..., positive
 "**** were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Of course, safe ka. Taga Gensan ka! Wag kang ano., positive
 Facebook sending "marked safe" messages. Bless you guys., positive
 Alain Wartelle, Harry Cover and 3 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. http://on.fb.me/1WXEbeY , positive
 Ok all my friends in Paris except Charlotte Stone have been marked safe. Charlotte I hope you're ok hun. Y'all... http://fb.me/409KyHEYB , positive
 @Wit_My_Woes whoever these guys are marked themselves as safe so blame them sarcastically using a feature useful for people w friends there, positive
 i have friends in france and only some of them marked themselves safe, positive
 Been receiving lots of notif from FB friends who were 'marked safe' regarding Paris Terror Attacks  are you really within the vicinity, positive
 Keeping Paris, Beirut in my thoughts. Also, so much props to Facebook for the "marked safe" feature., positive
 kakatapos lang ng shift mo tas makikita mo they were marked safe i was like what's happening tang ina, positive
 http://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-safety-check-tool-paris-terror-attacks-2015-11?utm_content=bufferd61ca&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer …   be safe everyone, this is to check if your friends/family are marked safe or in target zones  #PrièrePourParis, positive
 to those people who are not from paris who marked themselves safe on fb THIS MAKES ME MAD, positive
 Butbuton kaayo kag "marked safe" nga silingan ra man gani ta, positive
 "were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Really, now?, positive
 friend marked himself and his boyfriend as safe on Facebook. Hurray for tech, positive
 Nakiki-marked safe naman yung iba haha, positive
 Thank you Facebook for the "friends who are marked safe" tool. Bringing a lot of relief quickly. Although ... http://m.tmi.me/1faecL , positive
 @krezellcalimag oo hahahahaha tas nag marked not safe pa sa facebook hahahahahahaha bwiset, positive
 I like how Facebook sends me notifications that my friends in Paris are "marked safe" after the attacks today.  It's a useful too., positive
 Renato Sisneros was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks., positive
 Hahaha! Marked safe during paris terror attacks? Malamang baka nasa pinas ka? Hahahaha , positive
 My Paris family has just been marked safe. This is relief., positive
 A friend who lives in Paris marked himself safe during the terror attacks. Really cool to see , positive
 Okay I don't understand why some of my fb friends are being marked safe from the Paris Terror Attacks. Nasa pinas lang kayo e :((, positive
 The news of marked safe friends in #Paris brings only partial relief. Heart's still squeezed by the news., positive
 Seeing that my Parisian friends were marked "safe" on @facebook. Glad I know they're ok. Disturbed we need this notification system., positive
 Thank you @facebook -I know that all of my friends in @Paris have been marked safe, positive
 @eniale58 at least you're marked SAFE from terrorists, not all haters though... , positive
 That marked safe thingy on FB made me think, "were these people in Paris when it happened?" #trolling :)), positive
 the marked safe thing on facebook is actually so refreshing, thoughts go out to my frenchies and their fams, positive
 "'Marked safe during paris attack" ohmygahd facebook , positive
 This "*name* was marked safe during the Paris Terror attacks" is not cool facebook, esp if you were never in París the moment it happened., positive
 The 'marked safe' that Facebook is doing is amazing, positive
 Makurat sad tas MARKED SAFE sa facebook uyy. Haha mga higala nga dili taga didto pero sa fb taga didto :3 may gane wa mo naapil ;), positive
 Facebook's "Friends Marked Safe" feature is my least favorite thing about this age in which we find ourselves., positive
 Lets #PrayForParis ~But marked me safe. -.-  busy sa facebook :3 #ParisAttacks, positive
 Baru aku tau friends fb aku ramai lepak Paris malam semalam. Alhamdulillah kebanyakannya marked safe, positive
 Nakakapeste sa facebook yung mga "Marked safe during Paris terror attack" pero taga-Pilipinas naman talaga., positive
 Ppl on Facebook who marked themselves "safe" but not really in Paris omg get a fucking life, positive
 @theothertaylorr I didn't realize I had so many friends in paris there are like 5 of them who marked themselves safe on facebook toniht, positive
 Yes but putting on fb that you're marked safe when you're in PH??? #sorrynotsorry, positive
 23 people marked safe during Paris Terror attack, pero taga pinas...... Hala..., positive
 #PrayForParis kasi andun iba kong friends na nag "marked safe during Paris attack" sa fb  pero srsly, let the terrorism end!, positive
 Thank you FB for your "marked as safe" feature., positive
 Yung mga fb friends mong nag "Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" feeling nasa paris, nakahilata lang naman sa bahay nila., positive
 Wow good to know people are marked safe from the attacks. Even people HERE in the Philippines., positive
 *Sees friends marked safe from Paris Terrorist Attacks*  *Scrolls down*  "Wala naman taga Paris sa mga to ah?... http://fb.me/5q9R1OskR , positive
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attack"   ...but you're not in Paris??, positive
 ".. were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" on my notifs & i'm clueless , positive
 Marked safe? Nasa Paris ka? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, positive
 But some ppl who are clearly in Malaysia go marked themselves as being safe from the Paris Terror Attack.. like you for real bro?, positive
 Unsa maning chuchuchuchu were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Naa mo sa paris guys? Hahahahaha.󾌴 #Justsaying #Prayforparis, positive
 "blabla and blabla were marked safe during paris terror attacks"  THIS FB FEATURE SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. DILI GUD FUNNY. , positive
 Facebook's "friends marked as safe" feature is powerful. , positive
 Wow, checked Facebook and three people marked themselves as safe in Paris. Small world., positive
 Marked safe pa. Nasa paris ba kayo? , positive
 Tatlong instant unfriend today due to "marked safe in Paris Terror Attacks" notification.  Annoying -_-, positive
 Tonight, I am thankful for you, Facebook. I was able to know that my friend was okay when she "Marked Safe" in Paris. Incredible., positive
 What's with the "Churva chenelyn has been marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" ANYONE? In facebook , positive
 Marked safe at Paris, tga Paris mo?, positive
 "my 13 friends in fb were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" HAHAHAHA, positive
 @HelixelGoddess I completely forgot until I saw the notification on Facebook of the "Marked safe"., positive
 @RenrenCupcupin_ 1 Notif. Sean Amiel Rosario was marked safe during Navotas Fire., positive
 ****, ****, and 7 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks??????????, positive
 I love Facebook's 'Marked safe' feature man, it's so reassuring to know that friends and family are okay, positive
 Were marked safe amppp dafaq, positive
 FB friends marked safe in Paris:   Brad Stone Marked himself safe · 51 minutes ago Comment ·  17  SAFE Sébastien... http://fb.me/6WpiPkqwc , positive
 @craigmod I had friends being marked as "safe" before I knew anything was wrong. Jarring morning., positive
 Jusko pati ang mama "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Nasa banyo laang naman at naglalaba. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!, positive
 Waking up to that  "Marked Safe" feature on Facebook is great...knowing all your friends in Paris are safe. Brilliant use of technology!, positive
 Marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attack malamang mayo ka man duman pakyu, positive
 really appreciating the marked safe thing on Facebook wow, positive
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" WOW! Parang nasa Paris kayo ah. , positive
 Getting notifications that friends have been marked safe from the Paris terrorist attacks. I'm at a loss.  Sending prayers to everyone., positive
 Ok...friends marked safe in Paris. @facebook are you doing the same for Lebanon? They are not at war., positive
 Kairita 'yong mga marked safe na FB friends ko na feeling nasa Paris. Ughhhh. For real tho, positive
 Guys! Please, do not make the "marked safe" as a joke. What's happening is not to be laughed upon or to be used as a means to be popular., positive
 Nasa paris ka?! Maka 'Marked safe' akala mo naman., positive
 Facebook: "*your friend* was marked safe during Paris terror attacks" Para kayong tanga wala kayo sa Paris, positive
 I didn't know my Facebook was set on "Paris, France" and some unknown ppl marked me 'safe' ... Lol, positive
 What happened in Paris? I keep gettin those "Marked safe in Paris" notifications on Facebook, positive
 Great to see the new FaceBook feature re "friends are marked as safe" but also sad to see how it's necessary.  #Prayers4Paris, positive
 fb notifs be like "*insert name here* marked safe during paris terror attacks", positive
 Friends in fb marked as safe from terrorist attacks in Paris but theyre in PH right now wth, positive
 On facebook: "*insert names here* were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."   Lol eh diba nasa Pilipinas ka lang?, positive
 Small touches like @facebook's 'Marked Safe' feature have done a lot to set my mind at relative ease on this troubling day. #JeSuisParisien, positive
 Have to admit: Facebook's "friends marked as safe" is a pretty goddamn welcome feature on a morning (in the east) like this ..., positive
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is the coolest thing, I'm glad all the Reeg homies studying abroad in Paris are okay., positive
 Some of my friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. They are safe because they're not there during the attacking. #PrayForParis, positive
 Wtf is that marked safe sa fb? E ang layo nang france dito susme.idgaf, positive
 anong kalokohan tong marked safe sa fb? eh nasa pilipinas kayo wala sa paris., positive
 Lola Nidora was marked SAFE! #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA, positive
 Quite remarkable that Facebook now notifies you of friends in Paris who have been marked as safe., positive
 huy ka feeler ba aning mga marked safe marked safe murag naa pud mo didto noh??? tangina you think this is a joke??!, positive
 Bakit puro notification ko 'blah blah blah were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.' , positive
 My friends on fb who lives in ph "marked safe during paris terror attack" too many pinoy are "pa cool kid" and literally ignorant, positive
 Is it too much to ask that people don't piss around with the 'marked safe' feature on FB by changing their location and being a dick., positive
 We all marked ourselves as "safe" on Facebook. But do you really feel like it now? They won., positive
 Yung "marked herself safe" na notif sa fb , positive
 26 friends in Paris. 19 marked safe. 7 still to hear from. #Prayers4Paris #PrayForJapan  #ParisAttacks #PeaceinParis, positive
 "were marked safe during paris terror attacked" NASA PARIS BA KAYO HUH?, positive
 Ung mga fb friends mong anlayo sa paris pero marked safe raw marked by herself pa.. , positive
 *marked safe from Paris terror attacks*  *currently resides in any other country apart from France*, positive
 Anong marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks? Eh anak ng tinapa nasa Pilipinas ka. Sabado ngayon, magwalis ka ng bakuran niyo., positive
 Shoutout nga pala sa mga fb friends ko na Marked safe daw sa Paris hostage taking. HAHAHAHAHA Nasa France na pala sila, di nagpaalam, positive
 had no idea I had a cousin living in Paris til I got the "marked safe" notification.Such a small world.Sorry for those who have lost someone, positive
 Checked Facebook bec French friends. Friends marked safe from terror attack. Puro Filipino. Bruhhhhh., positive
 "your friend Sha Naxx was marked safe in Paris"  Dia bukan ada kat Paris pun. Saja mengada taruk location di sana.   Unfriended., positive
 Wala naman sila sa Paris pero they were marked safe? Yeng tetee?, positive
 my cousins marked themselves as safe on FB, so that gives me some relief. Thanks to everybody for the support, really appreciate it., positive
 marked safe pa more #notioff, positive
 "blablabla were marked safe during Paris terror attacks" ang dami ko palang facebook friends na taga Paris, positive
 3friends are marked as safe in #ParisAttacks. 1 of them is this lady right here! Been waiting for this! Thankful, positive
 Facebook notified me that my sis in law in Paris "marked herself as safe", positive
 Thank God for Facebooks 'marked safe' feature. Crying with relief I don't think I will sleep tonight  #ParisAttacks, positive
 Whoah. @Facebook brings it to a new level with friends marked safe. #prayforparis, positive
 Super cool that Facebook lets me know that my friends in Paris have been marked safe. @SannaRasmussen1, so happy you're okay., positive
 So glad that friends in Paris have been marked safe. So sad for those lost in these attacks., positive
 i saw the "*insert name* was marked safe from the Paris Terror Attacks" fb notif, diba nandito tayo sa Pilipinas, 'di malamang???? , positive
 I saw a Facebook friend marked herself as safe in Paris. Pretty good feature that shouldn't have to be used so often. #PrayForParis, positive
 Marked as safe si gago eh wala ka ngang pangpunta ng Tagaytay, Paris pa kaya?, positive
 *Your friend on FB is marked safe* *checks others who were marked safe* *ABA MATINDEEE* #PrayForParis, positive
 Woke up to a friend who was fb-marked 'safe'. from the attacks. Thank god. Paris, stay safe, stay indoors, stay strong., positive
 Facebook’s marked-safe feature is pretty good to have at times like these., positive
 "*name* and 4 other friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" well of course you're safe, you're 10,942kms away from paris , positive
 Our very own @IamKhaian is finally marked as safe in Paris. Thank you all. #ParisAttack #ParisAttacks, positive
 Facebook automatically told me when my friend in Paris was marked safe during their attack. Twitter step up, positive
 Dear Facebook friend,  So glad you're marked safe from the Paris terror attacks happening 10,942 km away from you right now. #PrayForParis, positive
 Marked safe pa daw from Paris eh asa Pinas naman -_- #AnoDaw, positive
 "toot , toot and 11 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks"  Dafuq, positive
 Just got home on a Friday night of partying, madness apparently happened in the world. Thank god for the FB marked safe feature!, positive
 The FB "marked as safe" feature for the Paris situation is genius. , positive
 FB just notified me that my favorite pub in Paris has been marked "safe". So chilling. , positive
 BV. Sige, "marked safe" kayo from Paris kasi nagpapa-aircon lang kayo sa bahay niyo. Please lang..., positive
 "BLAH BLAH was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks."  *checks profile*  Studied at Swag University. I see. #PrayForParis, positive
 This "has been marked safe" feature on Facebook is freaking me out. Lots of friends either missing or just haven't checked in yet., positive
 rayan mrg and pauline domenges were marked safe during paris terror attacks thanks god, positive
 "_____ were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks"  aba malamang, nasa pilinas kayo. , positive
 Feeligero't feelingera rin kayo no?  Nasa Pilipinas ka tapos may "marked safe" ka pang nalalaman. #PrayForParis, positive
 unsa maning "were marked safe during Paris terror attacks" oy hahahaha daghan man diay kog kaila taga paris oy , positive
 Kaway sa mga nadaanan ng *marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks* sa notification nyo XD HAHA, positive
 Glad to see one of my former coworkers/good friends Emily Sebastian has been marked as safe given what's going on... http://fb.me/QspbrvkL , positive
 Thanks for "Friends Marked Safe" in facebook. My friends in Paris are safe. God Bless the souls of the victims of this terrorist attack., positive
 Facebook rolls out new "Safety Checks" tool! Thankful for this. Friends in Paris were able to be marked "safe."  , positive
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pagsure mo oi! Naa ra mos Pinas!!!, positive
 Marked as safe paa AHAHAHAHAH, positive
 I have a couple of friends in Paris who haven't been marked safe. Really hoping they are ok., positive
 @_clmkmll "Kamille Calma, Danie Aquino, and 4 others were marked safe during Paris Terrors Attack" @dxnieeee Grabe bad pala si Paris , positive
 "So and so are marked safe"  The fuck?, positive
 I have to say, the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is really great. Have a good few friends and family in Paris this weekend so it helps, positive
 "wjajak and 28 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks" -fb notif  napaka assuming nitong facebook friends ko eh, positive
 "*name* marked safe from the terror attacks in paris"  syempre safe ka sa terror attacks sa paris, nandito ka sa pilipinas teh. Ano ba., positive
 FB Notification: _____ and ____ were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.   Wala naman sa Paris. Yung totoo?! , positive
 as if ara sa Paris ang mga friends ko nga "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" can you please not, positive
 My fb notifs be like "Insert Name Here and 69 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" kingina yung iba feel na feel pa, positive
 On @facebook search for 'Safety Check' to see which friends are in #Paris and marked as safe. #ParisAttacks http://ab.co/1HOKhaQ , positive
 When r they gonna make a marked safe option for those killed in Gaza ?? In Syria ?? In Afghanistan ?? #never, positive
 ".. Were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks" nasa Paris ba kayo? HAHAHA, positive
 @MegQuimpo true HAHAHAHAH some people from my town marked themselves safe (waw lapit ng Paris sa Mindanao noh), positive
 When enough people die due to terrorism to necessitate a "marked as safe" feature on Facebook, something has to change. #Paris, positive
 Really appreciating the "marked as safe" feature on Facebook., positive
 "Marked safe" really hahaha diba kapitbahay kita? , positive
 The Safety Check thing on Facebook is awesome. Have one friend over in Paris and he marked himself safe and it lets all his friends know., positive
 Just woke up and am shocked to hear about #ParisAttacks. Relieved my friends are marked safe. Prayers & Thoughts for the beautiful country., positive
 Facebook has informed me that three of my friends in Paris are "marked safe", I'm so relieved and so thankful., positive
 My Facebook friend marked herself safe in the Paris terrorist attack. Girl. You should be safe. You're in Virginia. , positive
 may nag notify sakin sa fb.. "blah blah blah and  11 others were marked safe during paris terror attacks", positive
 Laughtrip facebook. Friends were marked safe daw. Ba't ba kase paris location netong mga to , positive
 *Friend from fb* has marked him/herself safe from paris attacks...  Bakit? Nasa paris ba kayo last night?! Mga pacool punyeta. Umagang umaga, positive
 Yea im totally safe hahaha I was marked safe in Facebook lol. I forgot paris is what i wrote as my place haha, positive
 PUZZLED ON WHY PEOPLE MARKED THEMSELVES AS SAFE DURING THE PARIS ATTACK WHEN IN FACT THEY'RE NOT IN PARIS.  #ParisAttack #PrayforParis, positive
 Mi a see FB notification about ppl marked safe why ppl so nuff, positive
 "Marked safe during Paris attacks" Lakas maka flood ng notifs.  not cool bro, not cool., positive
 Friends are starting to check in on Facebook and being marked safe. Huge relief,  but still very scared, positive
 Relieved but terrified that some of my Facebook friends have been marked as "safe" in #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris, positive
 I would like that to read "all friends marked safe" please , positive
 "marked safe during Paris terror attacks" ay wow fb, positive
 Don't realize how interconnected we all are until one of my college friends marked herself safe during the #ParisAttacks. #prayforparis, positive
 2 OF MY FRIENDS HAVENT BEEN MARKED SAFE YET IM NOT OKAY IM SO SCARED PLEASE PRAY FOR THEM, positive
 Can we talk about this FB notification about a girl who was marked safe during Paris terror attacks? Bitch lives in the Philippines. WTF! , positive
 So glad to see most if not all of my Parisian friend marked safe on Facebook.  Sending good vibes, mes Amis! , positive
 In response to q's re FB Safety Check: if you have friends in #Paris marked safe, you'll get notified. If not, try https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks …, positive
 Bakit nakiki marked safe yung mga friend ko sa fb, nasa paris ba sila?, positive
 Nakaka bv yung mga feeling taga paris naka " marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" pa., positive
 Breathing sighs of relief as my friends are marked safe in Paris. Thinking of you all, what a tragedy., positive
 Just woke up & checked Facebook & it said 3 #Paris friends "marked safe" & saw news on the attacks after. Shocking. , positive
 it's the 4th time that"Friends marked safe" on #Facebook helps me to get some news about beloved people. government should have this., positive
 Two buds are in Paris right now. Never thought I'd have occasion to appreciate Facebook's "marked safe" notifications the way I am now., positive
 I came home tonight, saw a FB notification that 2 of my friends "were marked safe in Paris" That's how I heard anything about this..., positive
 Wait lang po.   Bakit may mga nagma "Marked safe during Paris attacks" eh nasa Pilipinas kayo???, positive
 #safe marking on #facebook good idea but it means one is left with dozens of friends and acquaintances still not marked. Worry increased., positive
 My French friends just marked themselves safe in Paris.... Thank god., positive
 Yung mga friend mo sa fb na naka-marked safe dahil sa nangyaring terrorist attack sa Paris. Hahaha., positive
 All my friends in #Paris marked themselves safe but one. This might be a long night till I know she's safe. , positive
 Thank God the last of my Parisian friends have been marked safe. Prayers for Paris.  , positive
 Woke up to getting tons of notifs on facebook with people saying "marked safe during Paris terror attacks", positive
 Were marked safe during paris terror attacks pud ning akong fb, positive
 Having to go on facebook and checking who is "marked safe" is bringing tears to my eye, positive
 Glad to see my friends were marked as safe , positive
 so thankful for the facebook marked safe feature, my heart goes out to paris, positive
 *A Facebook friend was marked safe during Paris Attacks* YOU'RE NOT EVEN IN FRANCE BITCH! Just pray for them okay?, positive
 Sa FB nag marked safe pa , positive
 First time I see the "marked as safe" page on Facebook. Today for my friends in Paris. Love it. Meaningful feature., positive
 Yung may notification ka sa FB na blablabla were marked safe during Paris Attacks. Pero nasa Pilipinas naman siya. Ano ba yan!, positive
 Woke up to FB notifications that some friends had marked themselves safe in #ParisAttacks. Confused at first, then horrible reality sank in., positive
 @goldtroye her daughter was just marked safe on Facebook :), positive
 Hi sa mga facebook friends ko nga nag 'marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' though ari lang kamo di Pinas , positive
 Marked safe pa more fb friends.   Juice colored., positive
 terrorist attacks ang Paris France, yung mga fb friends mo naman todo 'marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' HAHAHAHA, positive
 Marked safe taray HAHAHA, positive
 So shocked and sad to see the news of the Paris attacked. So far one friend is marked as safe, thank god! I will... , positive
 How come you're marked safe in Paris attacks when you're just lying on your bed looking at your phone? Lol 󾌴 wag... http://fb.me/4w16e4O3R , positive
 Those people from the Philippines who marked themselves safe from the attack from Paris-, positive
 Those people in fb who are being marked safe cuz of the paris attacks who are really here in the Phil , positive
 another friend marked safe, positive
 Thankful to see our French daughter, Charleyne Terry and her sister, Sophie Terry were marked safe.  Sending... , positive
 @CBSEveningNews ... My friends & two cousins living in Paris marked themselves as safe on Facebook w/ a check , positive
 Great feature from Facebook with the “friends marked safe” notification., positive
 Update, my cousin has marked herself safe on Facebook. Plus sounds like she is gone from the stadium now., positive
 In Facebook, there's a feature where you can mark yourself safe whenever a tragedy happens. Four of my friends marked themselves safe. [1/2], positive
 "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Pag sure mo oy. Naa ramo sa Pinas. HAHAHAHAHA, positive
 My cousin marked himself safe from that Paris attack meanwhile he lives in texas..... , positive
 @chenoehart people praying for "marked safe" notices... horrible., positive
 Getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook from people I know in Paris., positive
 @ReinaDeLaIsla my pals in Paris are 'marked safe' to notify their FB friends that they're OK , positive
 Even though I personally spoke to them, the FB feature that said my friends were "marked as safe" helps me breathe a little bit easier, positive
 @gembarrett :( Awful feeling. My friends in Paris all marked safe now. I really hope you hear your friend is safe soon., positive
 marked safe marked safe pa murag kaadtog paris oy, btw lets pray for them, positive
 Facebook is sending alerts on what friends I have in Paris who are Marked Safe or UnMarked. [wow]. , positive
 I now have two of my three friends in Paris marked safe. This Facebook thing is a good move. #ParisAttacks, positive
 confirm any friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. Check at:https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?_rdr …, positive
 I received FB notifications that my friends in Paris are reported safe. Like [name] is marked safe during Paris... http://fb.me/4yZAZkzOh , positive
 Never knew about the Facebook "marked safe" feature until tonight. Brought me a vast sense of relief., positive
 marked as safe na daw from paris attacks yung elem classmate ko.  hala edi wow akala mo naman talaga. jejemon ka pa rin eh 'no, positive
 blah blah was marked safe during the paris terror attacks. DUDES OF COURSE YOU'RE SAFE YOU'RE THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY FROM THE ATTACK , positive
 .@facebook should be quite proud of the #MarkedSafe feature, in both idea and execution. Well played and thank you., positive
 @TobiasMJ @KYAN1TE @NiPDevelOP3 @ikteltotdrie A friend marked herself as safe, positive
 OF COURSE YOURE MARKED SAFE NASA NAGA KA BAGA GAGU, positive
 Love the 'Marked Safe' thing Facebook has got going on. Still incredibly saddening to hear about the attacks in Paris., positive
 Grateful friends in Paris have been marked safe. My stomach is upside down. All my sympathy is with the people of France. Please stay safe., positive
 Ilang friends nyo na ang Marked Safe? Haha , positive
 my friend was marked safe, I had no idea FB had this feature. #blezzed, positive
 the marked as safe feature might be the best thing facebook has ever made., positive
 Glad to confirm my friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe. Check at: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck , positive
 MARKED SAFE PA MORE  , positive
 but knowing she's safe means everything to me, and i am so thankful that she was marked safe through FB, an hour ago..., positive
 "*some people from bcd* were marked safe during Paris attacks" wtf? make that move more useful indi nga pagusto ka lang da pindot!, positive
 the "marked safe" feature on facebook is important tonight. please do not abuse it., positive
 Friends whose city was set to Paris on their Facebook accounts, LOL WHAT. I was surprised to get a "____ was marked safe..." notification., positive
 @brianpmangan It's real, I just got a phone alert that a friend on vacation was marked safe., positive
 ***** and 13 others were marked safe during Paris terror attack, positive
 Were marked safe daw e hahaha, positive
 Facebook notifications of your friends in Paris being marked safe are why social media is the best.  , positive
 "[Facebook friend] was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  Mare, nakita lang kita kahapon sa Tondo ha. Anyway, glad you're safe xoxo, positive
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is amazing and expertly executed. Good on them., positive
 I'm currently getting FB notifications that "<person I care about> was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks", so my BS tolerance is nil., positive
 The "marked as safe" feature is the best thing Facebook has ever done, imho., positive
 "*insert name of a person living here in the Philippines* was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks"  WHAT'S THE POINT GUYS?, positive
 Just had a friend from Louisville visiting Paris check in as "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." TY @facebook for creating that tool., positive
 In this day of constant fb updates, I've never been happier than with the "marked safe" feature being used today in #Paris #prayforparis, positive
 "FB friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" Were any of you in Paris? Oooooofff course you were., positive
 I'm not a huge @facebook user but the "Marked Safe" feature is absolutely amazing right now., positive
 knowing my cousin was marked as safe in Paris was my little blessing of the night. #PriéresPourPARIS, positive
 An amazingly cool @Facebook push alert just let me know a friend from UO is 'marked safe' in Paris.  , positive
 My friends are marked safe  , positive
 The fact that a friend who lives in Paris 'marked herself as safe during Paris Terrorist attacks' on Facebook is depressing. , positive
 none of my friends marked themselves safe i am friends with the right people, positive
 This feature is really wonderful. I'm so relieved to see my friends in Paris marked safe. Today is awful. Just awful , positive
 Facebook has a safety feature.  Just got a notification that one of my friends in Paris has been marked "safe".  Interesting., positive
 Glad my Facebook now has all Paris friends marked as safe. That was stressful., positive
 Didn't know this was a thing until a friend marked herself safe. Quite reassuring ngl. , positive
 That "marked safe" feature on Facebook is very helpful in finding out friends in Paris are okay., positive
 @eenerenee I just got notified that 2 friends were marked safe. Weirdest thing I've ever seen on @facebook, positive
 Seeing this feature on Facebook where friends in Paris have marked themselves as 'safe' is both comforting and terrifying. #PeaceForParis, positive
 Shoutout sa mga na marked as safe mura baya mog taga paris., positive
 When a hot female Facebook friend marked herself as "safe". , positive
 Absolute genius for @facebook to send push notifications when friends are marked safe. Really a huge relief., positive
 Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks. Pero taga-Batangas naman. , positive
 Ooh this is the first time I've seen the "marked safe" thing used on my Facebook, and now I know my friends in #Paris are safe - amazing., positive
 Thank God for Facebook and their marked safe thing. It's wonderful to know if friends are safe. I'm praying for #Paris, positive
 WTF Friends living HERE being marked as safe. F.U. guys really., positive
 My closer friends are marked safe. Still waiting for a few replies then I can finally say I am relieved..., positive
 Yung marked safe na notification sa facebook. dafuq, positive
 It is, I've gotten notifications of fb friends marked safe  , positive
 Sister had marked herself as safe from the attacks on FB. Others not so lucky. Grateful., positive
 My friend who lives in the 10th arrondissement marked herself as safe. My panic level is lowering a bit now., positive
 I made the mistake of looking at the "not marked safe yet" column on Facebook. Now I'm worried., positive
 Facebook is doing a good job with the 'marked safe' feature. I'm glad to see all my friends are safe. Prayers go out to everyone #Paris, positive
 I only have 1 French friend living in Paris, but there were 8 people living in Manila who marked themselves safe from the attack. cool ka??, positive
 Glad to see Paris fam "marked safe", positive
 Cousin marked herself as safe  , positive
 Woke up to terrible news. But glad to see friends in Paris marked safe on FB. #PrayForParis #fb, positive
 I have a few friends in Paris so seeing that they marked themselves safe on Facebook was a real relief. #CMM240, positive
 My fb notifs: *insert name* and others were marked safe during the Paris Terrors Attack   HALA NASA PARIS BA SILA? , positive
 Shout out sa mga Pinoy na naka-marked safe dahil sa nangyaring terrorist attack sa Paris, France.  Nasa 'Pinas kang damuho ka. Ulol., positive
 WHO ELSE GETTING THESE NOTIFICATIONS ABOUT PEOPLE BEING MARKED "SAFE" DURING SOME PARIS ATTACK?? THESE PEOPLE... http://fb.me/1V4sMkpQN , positive
 all my French friends from summer camp have been marked safe from Paris terror attacks, such a relief to see, so so sad what's happened , positive
 Two old friends in Paris - one from college, one from high school - marked themselves as "safe" on Facebook. Sobering to see notifications., positive
 2 of my French friends have just marked themselves safe on Facebook, so relieving, positive
 the fact that I got a notification saying that my friends in Paris were marked safe shouldn't have to happen. #PrayForParis, positive
 Okay lang naman na mag marked safe kayo pero pta your a thousand kilometers away from paris. Attention seeker pta, positive
 Tremendously grateful for social media's "marked safe" features on Facebook etc tonight., positive
 Relieved to see friends being marked safe one by one. Can't help but think of my students, hope they're all safe at home., positive
 first time i've seen this @facebook notification: friends marked safe during #ParisAttacks, positive
 Yung mga tao sa Facebook, akala mo nasa Paris kung makapag post ng 'was marked safe on Paris attack. mga ulol!, positive
 "*insert names... and 16 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" SRSLY PPL??? IS THIS A JOKE? YOU'RE NOT EVEN NEAR PARIS! smh, positive
 Not the biggest fan of Facebook but the "Marked Safe" feature in Paris right now is brilliant., positive
 I'm getting alerts from @facebook from my friends in #Paris marked "safe" in #ParisAttacks, positive
 The Facebook "friend has marked themselves as safe" is a nicely done feature., positive
 </3 RT @michellardi: @thysz yeah, I'm talking to him now. Some others I know were at the gig, still waiting on them to be marked safe thanks, positive
 Appreciate the FB 'marked safe' feature, haven't seen that before. Few less things to worry about. Still plenty. What a nightmare., positive
 On @facebook search for 'Safety Check' to see which friends are in #Paris and marked as safe. #ParisAttacks, positive
 Thank you @Facebook for giving me peace this evening with your Friends Marked Safe app. Still praying for Paris  , positive
 "So-and-so was marked safe during the Paris attacks."  really Facebook?, positive
 renee french has marked herself safe via facebook -- https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?uid=638695784 …, positive
 @JeffGordonDoll Bella twins are in Paris, no word on their status, also somebody from TNA is there too, but marked safe, positive
 honestly very impressed with Facebook for creating the "marked safe" feature created for tonight's tragic events in Paris, positive
 64 friends are in the affected area 44 friends are marked safe 19 friends are not marked safe yet  Eh yung mga... http://fb.me/2eIkmJL0i , positive
 PSA: Facebook friends who have "Paris, France" as current city when it's really not, remove it. It's messing with the "marked safe" feature., positive
 The marked safe feature on @facebook is quite genius and amazing, positive
 Naa mos paris? Why marked urselves safe? Funny lng, positive
 Facebook friends were marked safe. , positive
 All of my Facebook friends who live in Paris have been marked as safe thank God! Thoughts and prayers… https://instagram.com/p/-C9E0WoMWB/ , positive
 though it's great relief to see a loved one marked safe during an attack, nobody's loved ones should have to be put in that situation at all, positive
 blah blah and 2 other friends were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks , positive
 @exgci @Texans4Bernie @TheNextWeb I got a fb safety check msg from my niece who is in Paris. Marked safe!  Thank G-d!, positive
 my aunt n uncle are in paris but im glad theyre now marked safe. can this all just end #PrayForParis, positive
 17 of my friends on facebook are still not marked as safe yet.  Please do, it's important for your friends and families. please, do it., positive
 If you know people in Paris, see here if they've marked themselves safe. If you're in Paris, pls mark yourself safe  https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 @facebook's notification for friends #MarkedSafe in #Paris is brilliant. If you are there & safe or know someone who is, use it., positive
 Glad to see my French friends being marked safe on Facebook. Tonight the City of Lights became the City of Darkness #Paris , positive
 I didn't know about these "marked as safe" notifications on Fbook, but I am so glad for them! #PARISBESTRONG, positive
 just got a notif from fb that my friends have marked themselves safe from terrorist attacks in paris when theyre in england all safe in bed, positive
 All my friends in Paris have been marked safe thank God! Prayers for the rest of the city , positive
 The fact that Facebook has a "marked safe" feature is really cool. And it makes me profoundly sad., positive
 Unsa maning mga friends sa fb na "Marked safe during by Paris Terror Attacks" na naa raman mo sa Iligan hahahahaha, positive
 "this girl and that girl bla bla bla were marked safe during the Paris terror attack."   Yan kasi, naka Paris, France ang location sa fb..., positive
 Smart. My cousin just marked himself as "safe" on this tool: , positive
 I don't understand why some people living in the same area as I am are marked safe in the Paris attacks......, positive
 10 of my friends so far marked themselves as safe. Spoke with a few others. Thank you Facebook for this feature #ParisAttack, positive
 Muriel Granados was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks.: Muriel Granados was marked safe during Paris Ter... http://on.fb.me/1SqHDxC , positive
 Really thankful for the facebook "marked safe" feature. glad to know my french pals are okay tonight., positive
 Technology keeps people informed during #Paris attacks. @Facebook notifications show friends marked safe. @news6wkmg, positive
 One of my friends is marked safe in Paris! Thanks FB!, positive
 all my friends in paris have marked themselves safe on @facebook. profound relief., positive
 So glad my good friends in Paris were marked as SAFE on @facebook. That is an amazing tool. #ParisAttacks, positive
 Happy that Rob who lives in Surrey and has never been to Paris has let his Facebook buds know that he's 'marked safe'. We were all worried., positive
 Thank you, #Facebook, for this. You can check if your #Paris friends have been marked safe!… https://instagram.com/p/-C8LGcE4pi/ , positive
 Shouts out to my niggas who marked themselves safe on facebook when they never set foot in Europe, positive
 Received a "marked safe" Facebook notification from a friend in Paris. It is serving a great purpose tonight., positive
 Such relief when friends are marked safe!, positive
 getting a notification from my cousin having marked himself as "safe during paris terror attacks" has really got my heart going., positive
 Amazed by @twitter's Porte*Ouverte hashtag and @facebook's #markedsafe #TechnologyIsAmazing #PrayForParis, positive
 yung "marked safe" feature ng facebook e para sa mga taong nasa vicinity lang nung atake. andaming asa Manila na gumagamit nung marked safe., positive
 Getting Facebook notifications that some of our Paris crew on Hot Sugar's Cold World were "marked as safe". #ParisAttacks, positive
 140 of my friends marked safe. It means (at least) 140 of my friends were in danger at some point tonight. This is all so scary., positive
 "So and so and so and so were marked safe from the paris terror attacks" safe man jud mo kay taga cagayan mo what is up w your bs peeps, positive
 MY BEST FRIEND STUDYING IN PARIS WAS MARKED SAFE. THANK GOD! , positive
 You're fb friends can be marked as safe & you'll get notified of this during terrorist attacks. This was a feature I didn't know existed., positive
 Thankful my friends living in Paris have all been marked safe., positive
 all of my friends from paris have been marked safe on facebook thank god , positive
 #Facebook doing a justice with #MarkedSafe #StaySafeParis, positive
 I did not realized to have so many friends in Paris tonight. Above a total of 71, 40 are marked safe. I hope that... http://fb.me/4hFu6sR8C , positive
 @sandramurphy999 only reason I saw it is one of my friends was marked safe so got a notification of that, positive
 Gratitude x 1000 to @facebook for the "marked safe" feature. Brilliant + important. Thank you., positive
 NAKIKITA KO SA FACEBOOK NA "BLAHBLA WAS MARKED SAFE DURING PARIS TERROR ATTACKS"? HOY TE TAGA PARIS KA BA? ANG LAYO NG PINAS SA PARIS. JULOL, positive
 ... were marked safe during paris attacks! Dae ka man taga paris  annoying  hahahaha, positive
 4 of my FB friends are marked safe. Thank you, Lord. , positive
 I don't understand why some FB friends put Paris, France as their present address and FB suddenly notifies you that they're marked safe., positive
 @ArielleDRoss @zpower same, 4 friends marked safe for their entire network of friends on Facebook, with notifications, positive
 I'm happy to know all friends were marked safe on Facebook's safety check, still my thoughts go out to the people of #Paris, positive
 Of course y'all marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks! naa gud mo sa Philippines. hahay utok please, positive
 Fb is good and bad. With no context getting a notification a friend was marked safe in the Paris Attacks is very unsettling., positive
 I think i accidentally marked my self safe , positive
 My roommate from college marked herself "safe" on FB. She just got to Paris this morning , positive
 Glad to see many "marked safe" notifications on my FB feed #ParisAttack, positive
 Isa pang fb notif na "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks", magging unsafe kayo. , positive
 If you have friends in Paris you can check this Facebook page to see if they marked themselves "safe" , positive
 I'm thankful for the FB notifications that my peers are "marked as safe" in Paris but I'm sad that's even a necessary feature. #PrayForParis, positive
 Three friends in Paris right now - all three have marked themselves as "safe" on @facebook's Safety Check feature. Relieved., positive
 3 out of 3 friends in Paris marked themselves as safe on facebook =] https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 So glad all my friends in Paris have marked themselves safe...my heart is breaking #prayforparis, positive
 It is so heartbreaking that we live in a time that we have to check to see if our friends have "marked themselves safe". #prayforparis, positive
 @MySweet_Time I have a family friend/basically cousin there. He's been marked safe, thank goodness. We all hurt together, without borders., positive
 If this 'Marked Safe' mockery starts going around, you'll be getting deleted from my life.., positive
 Smart Facebook feature I hadn't noticed: "marked safe". http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/04/telling-the-world-youre-safe-through-facebook/391484/ …, positive
 Facebook is telling me my relatives were "marked as safe during Paris Terror Attacks". What a strange thing, positive
 Why do you guys need to marked as safe from Paris Terrorist Attack, hellow you're in the Philippines , positive
 were marked safe during Paris Terror attacks  notif sa fb for today, positive
 I'm glad Wendy and Gerry marked themselves as safe., positive
 that "marked safe" feature on facebook is dope. getting notifications that my facebook friends in paris are good., positive
 Just saw a college friend marked "safe" in Paris on Facebook. Tremendously comforting., positive
 Prayers for all affected in Paris. Also, kudos to FB for the "Marked As Safe" feature. One of the most sensible things they've ever done., positive
 Glad to see some of my french friends marked safe. I can't imagine. Props to those inviting strangers into their homes off the streets, positive
 The "marked safe" status has been so amazing. All friends and family are safe so blessed #prayforparis, positive
 @Laure0901 Just seen she's marked herself as safe on fb as well - thank goodness <3, positive
 @AndyExactly @kujo71 FB has safety check software. got msg from my niece who is in Paris. Marked safe. thank G-d, positive
 I've never seen it used before, but I know a couple people from France who've marked themselves as safe on Facebook, positive
 Could not be more relieved that my cousin has been marked safe in Paris , positive
 *name* were marked safe during the Paris Terrorist Attacks, positive
 Facebook's 'marked safe in Paris' notification - what a wonderful way to use social media, positive
 One thing @facebook does right: the marked safe feature. 1 of few reasons I still use FB is to stay in touch with friends living/from abroad, positive
 One of our friends in NYC just marked herself "safe" on FB. Excellent feature., positive
 @Jim_Sheridan it's crazy!!! I have two friends that marked themselves safe and it gave me a sense of relieve and worry! Wtf, universe?!, positive
 Пошо пишувате дека живеете во Париз, затоа ми искачаат нотификации "marked safe" тиебам глупите тиебам., positive
 a friend of mine has been marked safe on facebook im so relieved, positive
 #Thankyou #Facebook #Fb So relieved that my cousin is safe: 2 not yet marked, 2 others are out of town/country  , positive
 Someone Im friends with on Facebook who lives in Paris has "marked himself as safe." Definitely a great feature/resource in a time like this, positive
 Strong from @facebook that you receive notifications letting you know which friends are marked as safe in #Paris #prayforparis, positive
 But how sad is it that we require the need of a device like marked safe?, positive
 I get out of work and see a Facebook notification that my cousin marked himself as "safe from terror attack" I was shocked, positive
 All of my thoughts & prayers are with my dear @AmelieYounsi who has just been marked safe.  Sending love your way.  Pray for Paris. xo , positive
 Watching 'marked safe' pop up on my Facebook is the biggest feeling of relief.  #Pray4Paris #prayforparis, positive
 FB #markedsafe feature may be the coolest thing they've done with the platform in yrs #ParisAttacks, positive
 .@facebook's notifications of friends marked as "safe" is , positive
 I cried when I saw a friend was marked safe through fb , positive
 Interesting "Friends marked safe" function on Facebook in wake of Paris attacks, positive
 3 of my students from UniCaen and a dear friend marked themselves safe, these things are not limited to one country. #ParisAttacks, positive
 Praying for Paris. I really appreciate @facebook 's "Friends Marked Safe" feature right now. #IS6621 #PorteOuverte #ParisAttacks, positive
 My author FB is killing me. Keep getting notifications readers are marked safe, most men and women I blindly accepted requests from., positive
 I've marked myself safe using @facebook safety check. Have you? #Paris, positive
 @mpacific and at least on my Facebook it groups all my "marked safe" together so I can scan all my Paris friends in one spot. 1/2, positive
 So thankful for social media. Friend currently studying abroad just marked herself safe on FB. You are in my thoughts, Paris. , positive
 .@facebook being used to let Parisians notify friends & loved ones they are 'Marked Safe'. Comforting to see many of my friends check in., positive
 That "Marked as Safe" feature to let folks know when their loved ones are out of harm's way during horrid events? Yeeessssssss, Facebook., positive
 Of course you'll be marked safe because you're in the Philippines you pretentious dumbasses , positive
 *marked safe during Paris terrorist attack*, positive
 Got a notification that a FB friend was marked safe and I was like FUCK'S SAKE til I remembered they're from Paris, positive
 Facebook notified me that two of my friends marked themselves as safe in Paris. @facebook, thank you., positive
 +1 for Facebook. Just got a notification that a fb friend in Paris was marked safe. What a great, but sadly necessary, use of technology, positive
 Whew. My cousin Olivier marked himself as safe on Facebook! He lives in Paris., positive
 Facebook just updated me that my Paris friends were marked safe. That's feature too next level for me, positive
 7 friends have marked that they're safe on Facebook. Now I wait and worry about the other 12. Heavy heart tonight for all of Paris., positive
 Plot twist: #Facebook orchestrated the #ParisAttacks so they could roll out their spanking new "Marked Safe" feature., positive
 'Was marked safe in the Paris attacks' what is facebook playing at?, positive
 A friend of mine marked safe on fb but hasn't heard from her mom! , positive
 ~8 friends marked themselves safe on FB, can't help but appreciate how useful their safety check feature is., positive
 .@facebook's "marked safe" feature is social media at its best., positive
 My friend marked herself 'safe' on #FB. Other friends are waiting to hear from the band members. Just no words., positive
 15 of my facebook friends have been marked safe oh thank god, positive
 As much as we hate technology sometimes, being able to see 5 of my friends marked safe in Paris tonight is incredible. Thank you @facebook, positive
 So i got a notification on fb saying my friends were "marked safe in the paris terrorist attack" , positive
 Neat #Facebook feature, one of my FB friends is in #Paris and I received a notification saying she was marked as safe. Glad to hear it., positive
 My friends on facebook who have their hometowns set on Paris, France are now being marked safe., positive
 Seeing my old host family marked safe was such a relief. Probably the best Facebook feature ever created, positive
 Blogger and @TheNetworkNiche founder @JusticeJonesie marked herself as safe on FB. #parisattacks, positive
 I complain about @facebook but to get an update on my feed telling me that friends were marked as "safe" in this horror is reassuring, positive
 People be marked safe , positive
 Really loving this marked as safe feature for my Parisian friends on Facebook. But my heart hurts., positive
 My cousin who lives in Paris just marked herself safe during the terrorist attack , positive
 Facebook is fantastic for the marked safe function! Never noticed it before, glad I didn't need to and  least friends are okay #ParisAttack, positive
 @fcam33 same.... someone I truly care about too. She marked herself as safe on facebook though , positive
 The FB "marked safe" feature is brilliant., positive
 "Marked safe."  ::sigh:: Oh, Facebook. Commere, you. , positive
 The facebook marked safe thing is such a great idea. Now, I know my friends are okay., positive
 Didn't even know about the Facebook feature until my friends "marked safe" from Paris so thank you Facebook, positive
 The Facebook "marked safe" feature is one of the best things to ever come from social media., positive
 This Facebook marked safe feature is invaluable. #ParisAttacks, positive
 FB is alerting me about my French friends marked as safe. And I think that's awesome., positive
 One of the best new features @facebook has ever rolled out. Was so relieved to see my friend @PVerdeil marked safe. , positive
 So glad and relieved to see my list of Facebook friends in Paris "marked safe" fill up so quickly., positive
 If you have friends/family in Paris, you can use this Facebook page to see if they've marked themselves as "safe" - https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 2 of my old @MFM926 fam marked as safe. #ParisAttacks, positive
 Friends in Paris? You can see if they marked themselves as safe on Facebook here. https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe …, positive
 I'm getting Facebook notifications when friends in Paris are marked "safe." Great use of social media during scary situations #ParisAttacks, positive
 Seeing the Facebook alert of all my friends in Paris that have been marked "safe" is both comforting + unsettling - still a few unchecked., positive
 #PrayForParis I will have this day marked in my mind for as long as I live. May you all be safe and join me in praying for the victims, positive
 During a horrific night like tonight, Facebook's "friends marked safe" is proving to be a very valuable feature. , positive
 The Facebook ‘marked as safe’ feature working pretty well , positive
 The marked safe function on Facebook is actually really great and I am really appreciating it tonight., positive
 Surprisingly, every friend of mine utilising the "marked safe" feature is actually in Paris so it worked for once., positive
 Watching my various friends and family get marked “safe” in Paris is hugely comforting , positive
 8 friends marked safe in Paris. Sometimes I love Facebook... and I hate humans., positive
 Ten of my friends marked safe so far in #Paris #Grateful #PrayingforParis, positive
 The power of social media: three of my friends in France have just marked themselves as “safe” on Facebook. Reduces anxiety. So good., positive
 ganda noong "marked safe" notif sa fb., positive
 thank you Facebook for the "person marked safe" functionality, positive
 Never thought my phone would have to go off telling me my French friends are 'marked safe', ugh, positive
 I love the marked safe feature on Facebook, positive
 Genuine s/o to Facebook for the "marked safe" feature my friends in Paris are using., positive
 5 of my 8 friends in #Paris have been marked safe on Facebook. Ask your friends to check in here: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe … #ParisAttacks, positive
 Holy crap, a friend from high school was just "marked safe" on Facebook since he's in Paris. Technology is freaking astounding., positive
 Sidna and 54 others were marked safe during Paris attack, positive
 Thankful for the 'marked as safe' feature from Facebook. Thoughts and prayers with Paris #prayforparis, positive
 Me too. The best and worst feature. RT @attackerman: Thankful for the "friends marked safe" function, heartbroken at its necessity., positive
 @jimboch02 @facebook all but one of the people I know who are in Paris right now have marked themselves as safe. I'm so tf for this feature., positive
 Really interesting feature from Facebook on the Paris attacks. Friends can be "marked safe". , positive
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is honestly a great thing. Good to get those notifications from friends in Paris., positive
 all of my fb friends in paris have been marked safe , positive
 I am still worried about one friend in Paris. He goes to a lot of concerts & hasn't marked himself safe yet, positive
 @ChouettBlog Family fine thanks. About 50% of friends marked safe. I hope you hear from your brother soon. My thoughts with you and yours., positive
 It is very very very good that Facebook has the "marked safe" feature., positive
 i saw this when a fb friend marked herself safe- it actually gives you a notification , positive
 So relieved when my Paris billet marked safe  #PrayforParis, positive
 Facebook got mogs on 79th marked safe in the Paris attack, positive
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature has been their most helpful contribution to this Paris tragedy. So relieved my friends there are ok., positive
 Just got a Facebook alert that marked my friend as "safe" in Paris. I love technology in 2015. #PrayForParis, positive
 Facebook updates of my facebook friends in Paris being "marked safe" give me a lump in my throat  #ParisAttacks , positive
 That moment when someone you know is marked safe., positive
 Knowing that all my friends in Paris have marked themselves as safe is such a relief! Mes pensées sont avec vous, Paris , positive
 Wow FB has a "marked safe" feature for the Paris incident, positive
 Well done to @facebook for quickly launching the "marked safe" feature on everyone's timeline., positive
 Way to go Facebook. The marked safe feature is wonderful., positive
 glad my two friends in Paris are safe and really happy that there's a notification on FB that says they marked themselves as safe there, positive
 3 kids from my son's school are on exchange in Paris. 2 have marked themselves safe on FB. Their poor parents. Imagine the worry., positive
 Thankful for Facebook's feature letting me know that my friends in #Paris have been marked as safe., positive
 All friends in Paris marked safe. Can breathe., positive
 Oh my days, fb has a "marked as safe" feature for any people to tag in and make sure they are safe in any accidents/attacks #ParisAttacks, positive
 My Friends in Paris marked themselves safe through Facebook! #IS6621, positive
 my CP roommate, who's from paris, just marked herself "safe" on facebook and i got a notification., positive
 Top top top le truc FB de "marked safe", positive
 the 'marked safe' thing for your facebook friends in paris is so reassuring , positive
 Very grateful for the "marked safe" FB feature., positive
 Got a FB notification that a friend in Paris was "marked safe" by his wife. Crazy, positive
 Kudos to Facebook for the "marked safe" status alert for people in #Paris, positive
 best type of notifications tonight: "X was marked safe in the Paris terror attacks", "Y was marked safe in the Paris terror attacks", ..., positive
 Never thought much of @facebook #markedsafe feature until I saw my friends and brother using it in #ParisAttacks tonight. Bless good tech, positive
 Thank you @facebook for the marked safe thing , positive
 releaved to see my friends being marked as safe in paris, my heart still remains heavy, positive
 Great initiative by Facebook introducing 'Marked safe' feature for Parisians. Thoughts and prayers with all affected , positive
 High five Facebook on your "marked safe" feature, positive
 So many people I know are on exchange there :( I thank god for that marked safe feature, positive
 The Facebook safety check is great- have a friend in France now and he’s marked himself safe., positive
 Facebook telling me my cousins are marked as safe is something still, positive
 Very impressed with the facebook marked as safe feature right now. , positive
 If you have family/friends in Paris on Facebook, check their status to see if they've marked that they are safe., positive
 "Friends marked safe" is maybe Facebook's smartest contribution., positive
 Just saw first friend marked safe in Paris via Facebook. What a good thing. And what an awful reminder that this, apparently, is life now., positive
 #Facebook made a #markedsafe for the #ParisAttacks !!!  #prayforparis  #AppleWatch, positive
 Facebook informed me that my Parisian friends are "marked safe." Relieving and I'm extremely grateful, but bizarre extension of social media, positive
 Wow @facebook what an amazing feature. 'Friends Marked Safe.' Bravo!, positive
 @j_hutch important for people know you need to proactively mark yourself as safe - so if not marked safe doesn't necesaarily mean bad thibgs, positive
 Wow, here's a new one. Just got a @facebook notification about a friend in Paris — she was "marked safe" during terror attacks. Nice update., positive
 Yasss everyone has been marked safe on Facebook  Giving some serious praise to the Lord. The one useful thing Facebook does., positive
 Am starting to get "marked safe" alerts from some friends in Paris on Facebook. Very, very grateful for that. Praying., positive
 The marked-as-safe feature is a good feature., positive
 Facebook's redeeming feature is 'marked as safe' at times like these. Use it to check on anyone you're worried about http://facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 Glad arlenes marked herself as safe on Facebook when she's in fucking Manchester, thanks 4 the reassurance x, positive
 Thanks god ...for my friends who could marked that they r  safe ...hope all r safe ...GOD have mercy on us ..., positive
 Just checked and @LindseyKin85 has been marked SAFE! So glad you are ok angel pop #ParisAttacks, positive
 Someone just marked on FB that they were safe in the Paris attacks because he "just wanted to be in ya'll notifications". How inappropriate., positive
 If you have friends in Paris who are on Facebook, check their status if they've marked safe. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 @sweetpeahamster another just marked safe (sometimes someone with them mark them safe) it is a very good idea. FB has done it before., positive
 facebook sending notifications for friends marked safe in paris in the most surreal/sad thing ever, positive
 Friend in Paris marked herself as safe so I'm breathing a sigh of relief. #Pray4Paris, positive
 I just got facebook notifications telling me that my friends in Paris were "marked safe". This is amazing., positive
 Huge shoutout to @facebook for the "marked safe" alerts about friends. Great use of modern tech #ParisAttacks, positive
 This is all incredibly horrific, but I'm grateful for Facebook's 'marked safe' notification. #Paris , positive
 @Meganlizbrown I'm just waiting for others to be "marked safe", positive
 Now people on FB are gonna be taking the piss and saying "they're marked safe in the Paris attacks," do you think this is all a fkn joke???, positive
 Social media is often flawed, but features like "Friends Marked Safe" on Facebook showcase its greatest strengths. #ParisAttacks, positive
 My German friend who's currently in Paris was marked as safe. Thank God., positive
 facebook is sending me notifications that friends in paris are Marked Safe. that's ... i don't know what to feel about that, positive
 omg finally. 1 out of the 2 missing of my peeps marked safe., positive
 Seeing my facebook friends in Paris being marked safe is very reassuring, positive
 @SuicidePass @rinkrebel I'm glad it exists, but boy is "4/5 friends in the area marked safe" not a throat-blocker., positive
 Facebook telling me that my friends in Paris are marked as safe is the best use i have ever seen of the social networks.#ParisAttacks #paris, positive
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature , positive
 Is anyone else seeing these "marked safe" status updates regarding the Paris terror attacks? How sad is it that... http://fb.me/7LeF3RzCR , positive
 You living Trinidad and was marked safe after Paris Terrorist Attacks?  Wow I didn't know., positive
 Facebook lanceert marked safe voor #ParisAttack #vrtnieuws, positive
 oh thank god, facebook notified me and said that my cousin was "marked safe" during the paris terrorist attacks, positive
 It also lets you know which friends are in Paris & haven't been marked safe: https://twitter.com/jdiamond1/status/665322292809826304 …, positive
 Facebook just told me one of my #friends that lives in #Paris "was marked safe" during the attacks. Very cool feature., positive
 If you use facebook's "marked at safe" feature and you're NOWHERE NEAR the incident, IDFWU, positive
 The @Facebook Marked Safe app might be the best thing they've ever done., positive
 Whew. Last friend marked herself safe on Facebook. That tool is saving me a lot of stress., positive
 Love the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook, glad to see notifications coming in., positive
 I love #facebook today, so happy to see my friends from Paris marked as SAFE..., positive
 @AM_HC @i_jumelle You were marked safe by Jamie Ali., positive
 @sweetpeahamster prayers hun to u and to all prayers they will b ok and marked safe, positive
 the girl i went to school with who lives in paris just marked herself as safe. thank god., positive
 Check if your friends in Paris have marked themselves safe here: https://facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 In the midst of tragedy, I'm positively impressed by Facebook's new "marked safe" feature. Relieving to see loved ones out of harm's way., positive
 Praying for everyone in Paris tonight, heartbreaking. I have a friend in Paris and thought of her immediately. Luckily she was marked safe., positive
 It's sad that there's a need for the "marked safe" update on FB, but those are notifications I'm happy to get., positive
 shout out to facebook for the marked safe function. has this always been a thing? #ParisAttacks, positive
 Thankful for the "friends marked safe" function, heartbroken at its necessity., positive
 I'm SO thankful for facebooks marked safe feature. Seeing my Fam & friends check in is a relief, positive
 That simultaneous chill and relief when Facebook alert pops up on phone, that a longtime family friend in Paris is marked safe., positive
 I've updated Facebook multiple times waiting for confirmation that my friends in Paris were "marked safe" Sad and scary world we live in..., positive
 .@facebook "Friends Marked Safe" notification feature in response to Paris attacks is a brilliant use of social tech , positive
 I have 3 friends still not marked safe. It's horrifying. , positive
 This Facebook Marked Safe tool is freaking. awesome. Good job, @facebook., positive
 Just got a Facebook notification saying a friend had been 'marked safe' in Paris. Good feature. Harrowing circumstances., positive
 @AM_HC @i_jumelle I got a notification a few minutes ago that you were marked safe., positive
 @Asha_soflossy @RTBailey3  I got a notification on Facebook that she marked herself safe., positive
 Once again thankful for fb's "marked safe" feature #Paris, positive
 The fact that Facebook has a "marked safe" feature is a testament to the kind of world we are living in today. So sad., positive
 Well done, Facebook. Auto-push on people marked safe from #ParisAttack. #PrayforParis, positive
 I just got a notification from facebook that my french friend marked herself safe from the paris attack.., positive
 More screen shots of this feature. Well done @facebook! Here's to everyone's friends being marked safe tonight. , positive
 The 'Friends Marked Safe' function of Facebook is really beneficial in times like these, positive
 Two friends in France marked "safe". I'm glad, but brokenhearted for those who will not be able to say the same. What is wrong with people?, positive
 Sometimes social media is outstanding! Thanks @facebook for 'friends marked safe'  #ParisAttacks, positive
 Both friends have marked themselves as safe on Facebook. Thank fuck!!!, positive
 Facebook tells me my Parisian friend has been marked safe. What a great feature that I hope to never, ever have to see again., positive
 Thankful that @facebook is letting me know that my friends in #Paris are safe with the "Marked Safe" feature , positive
 The fact that I got a notification on fb that says my cousin was "marked safe" in the Paris attack is so dope #PrayersUp, positive
 It breaks my heart to see that @facebook has a 'marked safe' app. Relieved to know my friends are ok but so sad that it has to exist #Paris, positive
 Facebook just let me know that my friend in Paris is safe because she marked herself as safe. Thank you Facebook. #prayersforparis, positive
 Just seen the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook after two French friends checked in. It's good to know they're ok, but..., positive
 @PeterLunt2 and @zizip: Is Facebook's new "marked safe" feature in response to #ParisAttacks a manifestation of @zizip's Affective Publics?, positive
 Honestly just sitting here on facebook waiting friends in Paris to be 'marked safe', positive
 The Facebook "marked safe" thing is actually really cool. Glad to see my friends in Paris are safe , positive
 Wow - that's a nice feature of Facebook. I just got a phone notification saying a friend of mine in Paris has marked himself as safe., positive
 Facebook is telling you if you're friends in Paris have marked themselves as 'safe'. Which is nice or weird. Don't know., positive
 For the 1st time I'm seeing @facebook's "marked safe" feature in action but I haven't seen enough notifications. Stay safe, my beloved Paris, positive
 For those who have friends and family in Paris, you can check their FB pages for the "marked safe" green check mark., positive
 Facebook just notified me that one of my friends who lives in France was "marked safe" after the Paris attacks. What is this world, positive
 My friend @adamhorne marked safe on Facebook... Incredible how social media can work so swiftly! , positive
 Seeing friends "marked safe" during Paris attacks is the only thing making me happy right now. What a shitty world., positive
 Woah FB is doing this "marked safe" thing... , positive
 Getting notifications that your friends in Paris are marked safe is beyond relieving #sendinglove #paris #PrayingForParis #parisattacks, positive
 Holy shit, Facebook's 'marked safe' feature is a beautiful example of how social networks can leverage their big data for good, positive
 The only person I know to be Parisian marked himself as safe. If anyone else I know is in Paris, please look after yourselves!, positive
 Didn't even realise some of my friends were in Paris right now but thank god they're marked safe on Facebook , positive
 @sweetpeahamster So far 3 of my friends have been marked safe. I pray for all I do not know and that all my friends are marked safe soon., positive
 My friend in Paris marked herself safe on Facebook. She says she's staying indoors  #PrayersForParis #doyouhearthepeoplesing, positive
 She was marked safe on Facebook but you can't actually be sure, ya know? God I'm stressed now., positive
 Just got a Facebook alert which marked a friend as "safe" in Paris. This is "reality in 2015" in a nutshell., positive
 relieved at seeing friends marked as "safe" in paris. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?_rdr=p&search_type=safe …, positive
 So glad to see my friend marked safe on Facebook. Such a small feature gives massive relief, positive
 Thank you, FB, for the "marked as safe" option. My cousin in Paris is safe., positive
 Even when my friends studying abroad marked themselves ‘safe’ I immediately started crying. #PrayForParis, positive
 I see Facebook has added a marked 'safe' function now. For our cities when the gunmen come. What a world., positive
 got a notification 5 people were marked safe in paris. luckily they were all my french friends. please dont abuse that system, positive
 i just got a facebook notification that this kid i had a drama class with was "marked safe", positive
 I'm starting to get @facebook notifications from friends in Paris who are "marked safe during Paris Terror Attack", very laudable innovation, positive
 Thank you @facebook for Friends Marked Safe. #ParisAttacks, positive
 For those with friends/family in Paris, FB has a page where friend/family are being marked safe. Here is the link:, positive
 Fb just let me know that one of my friends was marked safe in France! Wow social media  impressive, positive
 #PARIS: What Facebook Safety Check looks like. Glad my friend "marked himself safe." Here: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, positive
 2/3 OF MY COUSIN MARKED THEY WERE SAFE IN PARIS, JUST WAITING FOR 1/3 TO TELL ME!! IM SHAKING #PrayForParis, positive
 It's scary that we live in a world where there is a "friends marked safe" notification on Facebook... #Prayers4Paris, positive
 @MidApollo Now everyone in my friendslist is marked safe and it IS a big relief, positive
 I have 6 French friends that marked safe on Facebook. Somehow, it feels more real, like it could happen to me tomorrow. Can't breath., positive
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature... It hurts my heart that such a tool was anticipated in these times. #ParisAttacks#PrayersforParis, positive
 @JDiamond1 @brianstelter do we know how @Facebook knows? "Marked safe?", positive
 My aunt who lives in Paris marked herself as safe. Love the way social media comes in handy in situations like this. , positive
 Facebook's 'Marked as Safe' feature is incredible. Alerted about friends (safe) in Paris on vacation., positive
 don't know many ppl in Paris but relieved to see friends "marked safe" on @facebook. social media for good, in a violent & tumultuous time, positive
 I have to say I love the "marked safe" feature on @facebook. To all of my friends and readers in Paris- stay safe- I'm thinking about you!, positive
 2 friends still not checked in nor marked safe., positive
 These "Friends Marked Safe" notifications on Facebook regarding my friends living in Paris is an amazing feature., positive
 Delighted to see my friends marked safe in Paris. Please do not abuse that system. Hope everyone else has friends and family who are safe., positive
 the 'Friends marked safe' on Facebook is by far my favorite thing. , positive
 @dreams_thatglow I'm not sure, but my friends in Paris have all marked themselves as Safe and it notifies me thusly, positive
 Facebook's #safetycheck is a great feature. One friend in #Paris just marked himself as safe., positive
 Seeing someone you know marked as safe in paris is so overwhelming i just burst into tears it's terrifying, positive
 Really appreciate this safety feature on @facebook so I can see all my friends who have marked that they are safe in #Paris.   Prayers., positive
 @rebellingpanem some of them are, check my last pic they marked themselves safe on Facebook. , positive
 Noticing Facebook friends being "marked safe" in Paris. Strange feature, but reassuring. #Paris, positive
 Relieved a good friend of mine has marked herself safe in Paris. She says she was a few miles away from one of the attacks, positive
 Three people I know in the affected Paris area, one my cousin, all marked safe. Relief. Check yours here , positive
 Just had the person I was worried about in Paris marked as safe on Facebook. Genuinely grateful for that feature., positive
 Facebook just alerted me that one of my friends was marked safe in paris. I just burst into tears, positive
 I really want to commend Facebook for the Marked Safe feature. Those rare times where my love for social media is not completely unsupported, positive
 First time Ive ever received a notification that my friends are marked 'safe' en Paris by the Facebook safety check. Ouf. #PeaceforParis, positive
 Retweeted Jayde Donovan (@jaydedonovan):  Safety Check feature @facebook allowing people to be "marked safe"... http://fb.me/7APKuOUxH , positive
 The fb 'marked safe' addition is quite nice. Glad to have all my Parisian friends safe and sound., positive
 Bravo to Facebook for their 'marked safe' system allowing individuals to mark themselves safe alerting all of their friends on Facebook!, positive
 Log in to Facebook and get taken to a screen showing all my friends who are currently in Paris marked as safe. Brilliant idea!, positive
 Getting alerts on Facebook that my friends have marked themselves as safe. . . that distance is gone., positive
 Thanks, Facebook. "Marked safe" is some genuine using-networks-for-good, don't get enough credit for that , positive
 The Facebook "Marked Safe" check is such an important tool in this time. Well done to them, quick & effective way to know loved ones are ok., positive
 Eden Galindo marked himself as safe. #EODM #Baltacan, positive
 Also wanted to give a S/O to @facebook for "marked safe" feature. Awful it needs to exist, but so thankful for it. , positive
 Right now, I can't put into words the incredible feeling from seeing more and more friends being marked safe on facebook's safety check., positive
 Facebook is helping with notififcations of friends who are marked as safe during #ParisAttacks, positive
 Facebook telling me some of my friends are "marked safe" during the #ParisAttacks .. This is a good thing. Social media at its best, positive
 @maenadjess @arsonistkitten My colleague's son just marked himself as safe - this is the best part of social media., positive
 you a notification about it. one of my friends was marked safe and one has not been yet, positive
 That "Marked safe" feature on facebook is clutch, positive
 the facebook 'marked safe' thing is so good / relieving., positive
 all my friends in Paris have marked themselves safe on Facebook. I am so grateful. Feels like we're in different universes. surreal., positive
 Check Facebook for Family, Friends status... Adopted Son just marked "safe." #ParisStrong ...., positive
 Facebook have added the #markedSafe feature for people around Paris. Please do not abuse this system, positive
 I will say this, Facebook has a ton of unnecessary features, but the "Marked Safe" feature is phenomenal., positive
 @M_arcusC it really is. Two friends marked as safe when I logged in, reassuring at distressing times like this., positive
 All of my Facebook friends in Paris have been marked safe thank the Lord, positive
 reading "_____ marked himself safe during Paris Terror Attacks" in my facebook notifications , positive
 Some of my friends and colleagues have marked themselves safe on Facebook.  Useful feature in case people can't contact family and friends., positive
 @InesMergel just marked my friend, who tweeted that he was safe, on there. Hopefully it gives his family and friends some peace., positive
 The Facebook feature "Marked Safe" is incredible. Greatest thing that social media has done., positive
 Grateful for the Facebook "marked safe" feature - happy to hear that friends are safe. Sending light and love to all those in Paris., positive
 So far three of my friends have marked themselves safe on Facebook's fantastic "safety check" function., positive
 "2 Friends are not marked safe yet." Schluck., positive
 FB sent me a push notification to tell me my friend in Paris had marked herself safe. That’s a lovely feature., positive
 facebook, i love your "marked safe" feature. i breathe a sigh of relief as each person i know in paris turns green. paris je t'aime, positive
 All my Facebook friends in Paris marked themselves as safe - thank you., positive
 %username% was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks., positive
 I have a friend who lives in Paris and my Facebook app just told me she was marked safe during the 'terrorist attack'. Pretty cool., positive
 Shoutout to @facebook for sending a notification when your Facebook friends who are currently in Paris are marked as "safe"., positive
 I know two people in Paris right now, thankfully both have been marked safe on facebook, positive
 Facebook giving me heart attacks with this friends marked safe during the Paris Attacks feature but so thankful that it is., positive
 Facebook is automatically sending me updates of my friends in Paris who are "marked safe in the Paris Attacks." This seems new., positive
 Really good to see the ‘Marked Safe’ notifications from Facebook during these times in Paris., positive
 The new Facebook “Marked Safe” thing is genius/glad it exists, positive
 My Cousin marked himself & family as safe during Paris Terror Attacks. - via Facebook!, positive
 Facebook has safety check feature for #ParisAttack and sends notifications whenever friends are marked safe , positive
 Love the 'marked safe' posts people can do on Facebook!, positive
 MY FRIEND AND COUSINS MARKED THEMSELVES SAFE BUT THATS NOT ALL OF THEM , positive
 Friends marked safe in Paris. Great idea @facebook., positive
 Wow, my cousin in Paris just marked herself as 'safe' on Facebook. What an awesome feature., positive
 I'm not sure how this Facebook feature works, but it is operational. A friend in Paris marked himself "safe." https://twitter.com/GrasswireNow/status/665320711519514625 …, positive
 several friends marked safe on FB #prayforparis, positive
 Relief to see so much of my family marked safe on @Facebook, such a powerful tool, positive
 Just had two friends on FB marked as "safe" in Paris Terror Attacks. The insane new normal., positive
 Have friends or family in #Paris, FB created a "marked safe" page. http://tinyurl.com/ouepapp , positive
 Kudos to @facebook for sending us notifications of friends in Paris "marked safe" #ParisAttacks, positive
 @KathrynNECN @NECN @BostonLogan just got an official fb safety check msg from my niece in Paris. Marked safe. Thank G-d., positive
 woke up with a "was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" notif on facebook... , positive
 So Facebook just alerted me that each of my friends in #Paris is #MarkedSafe. I love this feature, and hope NEVER to see it again., positive
 The only person I know who lives in Paris just marked herself safe on FB. #relief, positive
 Please don't use the "marked safe" feature unless you are in Paris, it makes it harder for people who are actually searching for loved ones., positive
 FB juss gave me a list of my "marked safe" friends in paris... does dat mean i need to worry bout all my non... http://fb.me/7uI0KoQyW , positive
 Love the 'marked safe' feature on Facebook right now. What a simple way to help people find out about their loved ones in the scary time!, positive
 @George_OnAir @DeanPraetorius @dorseyshaw I can actually be useful ? I got three friends marked safe just now, positive
 Пак ќе кажам marked safe опцијата на Фејсбук е една од најдобрите алатки што ги измислиле. Еден другар само што се „чекна“ преку неа., positive
 Appalling to hear about the attacks in Paris. Glad to see friends using Facebook's Marked Safe status to communicate back here., positive
 getting fb notifications that friends and family are "marked safe during Paris terror attacks" has me in tears ~ this shouldn't be happening, positive
 my friend marked herself as safe on facebook. whew., positive
 So apparently Facebook is notifying you of all your Facebook friends in France that are safe? Just got  notifications people "marked safe", positive
 Get your mates to mark themselves safe with that device on Facebook tonight if they're in #Paris ! 2 mates of mine have just marked safe, positive
 Check if your people in Paris have marked themselves safe here: https://m.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?soft=notifications …, positive
 If you have friends/family in Paris, you can use this Facebook page to see if they've marked themselves as "safe" - , positive
 3/4 friends marked safe. @djehankidd where are you? Update babe!, positive
 The "marked as safe" feature of Facebook is the best thing the social app has ever done. Thanks.  Stay safe friends (esp you in Paris), positive
 Facebook just sent me a notification to let me know a friend marked himself as being safe in Paris. Thoughtful feature. #PrayForParis , positive
 Nice feature to see FB notifications of friends marked safe in Paris... thoughts go out to everyone affected and those less fortunate., positive
 Why #Beirut didn't have the same privilege?  Friends marked as safe during Paris attack on #Facebook.., positive
 Friends in Paris and France have "marked themselves safe" using Facebook. It's a very strange feeling getting a notification for this., positive
 Facebook sends a notification if a friend is marked safe at a time like this. Social media doing it right.   Sending love to Paris., positive
 Facebook has enabled people to be 'marked safe' in Paris, positive
 The 'marked safe' status feature on Facebook is ingenious, this is the future of disaster communications. Keeping Paris in my thoughts., positive
 Just want to thank @facebook for this "Marked as Safe" feature. It's good to hear friends are ok, even if they can't do tell us personally., positive
 A French friend of mine was just marked safe. Excellent system, hope for many more notifications through the night. , positive
 Thank God for the Marked Safe Facebook feature so I can know my friends are alive., positive
 A couple of friends of mine have marked themselves "safe". Facebook can be useful, after all., positive
 Wow, this marked safe thing on Facebook is actually very comforting. Good to see friends coming up alright. #Paris, positive
 Thank you, @facebook, for the 'Friends Marked Safe' info. A positive use of social media amongst a sea of shite tonight., positive
 Got a notification from FB that a friend living in Paris was marked as safe. Pretty cool, Facebook. Thank you., positive
 Check which friends and family members in Paris have been ‘marked safe’ on Facebook: , positive
 Just got facebook notifications that some of my friends in Paris were "marked safe." Social media is amazing., positive
 Facebook has a "marked as safe" notification for people in Paris. That's incredible. Well done @facebook, positive
 most of my parisian friends just marked themselves safe on fb i'm shaking zhigfvjkqmb, positive
 First time I have ever seen the 'marked safe' feature used on Facebook, very scary & close to home. Thoughts with everyone  #PrayForParis, positive
 Facebook has already marked some of my friends safe from Paris attacks. , positive
 My friends are slowly but surely being marked safe in Paris and I'm crying with both relief and horror. What is wrong with the world?, positive
 Facebook has a "Safety Check": friends in dangerous situations can mark themselves/be marked as "safe." Hands down, best thing fb created., positive
 Facebook are notifying you when a friend of yours is logging in as "marked as safe" from Paris. Amazing., positive
 Facebook allowing you to "let your friends know you're safe" in #Paris area. 3 of my friends "marked safe" so far. , positive
 Of all @facebook's features, the "marked safe" one is by far the most useful — especially tonight. #PrayForParis, positive
 Safety Check feature @facebook allowing people to be "marked safe" after #ParisAttack, positive
 Wow Facebook just told me a friend who lives in Paris was "marked safe." I didn't know that was a thing., positive
 *SUDDENLY REMEMBERS AN IRL FRIEND WHO LIVES IN PARIS* *sees she already marked herself as Safe on Facebook*  Small victories :'), positive
 Amazing #Facebook reacting to #attaqueparis #FusilladeParis letting me know who's marked as safe or not.. , positive
 Just got a "marked safe" message on FB for a friend in Paris. Thank you @facebook., positive
 UN PINCHE NACO MEXICANO WANNA BE INVENTADO was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks., positive
 @niranvinod I just got a notification that one of my friends is marked safe. Wish the others would check in., positive
 Scary to get an alert from multiple friends in Paris via Facebook that they've been "marked safe", positive
 Facebook's 'Marked Safe' feature is proof of social media as a force for good. I'm so thrilled to see that all my Parisian friends are OK., positive
 Just had a friend from Paris marked as safe on @facebook. Really awesome use of social media., positive
 Just got Facebook notification from bud in Paris that 'marked himself safe' during 'Paris terror attacks'. Didn't know that FB feature!, positive
 Just received a Facebook notification that a friend in Paris marked herself as safe. Great feature. Feeling relieved., positive
 That "Marked As Safe" Facebook thing is seriously the best thing ever... <3, positive
 Praying for #Paris tonight. Nothing else is important. A friend was just marked safe on Facebook. Brought it home., positive
 my facebook is sending me notifications about my friends being marked as "safe", this is a cool thing , positive
 How amazing is social media?! A friend just marked herself as 'safe' on #Facebook. #ParisAttacks, positive
 Facebook's 'marked safe' alerts are fantastic. #Paris, positive
 Got a Facebook notification that someone I know was marked as safe in Paris, good to see and good to know, positive
 And my second friend has marked in as safe by her neighbor. Thank flip. Now I can sleep., positive
 Incredible what @Facebook is doing! I get notifications when my friends in the area are marked as "safe"! Good! , positive
 Facebook 󾍘 got people clicking if they okay "marked safe" and Twitter have people tweeting the police!, positive
 Friends, it's a tiny little spark of relief every time to see a FB notification that you're marked safe. Stay safe and strong #Paris, positive
 Facebook just notified me that a friend was "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Important, impressive public service by social media., positive
 Love this from Facebook. A friend just marked themselves as safe, and I let out a big sigh of relief. #Paris, positive
 what is this world where social media networks now have to make sure that we have a feature to be 'marked safe' during such attacks, positive
 Relieved that my friends in Paris are starting to be marked safe on Facebook., positive
 So good that Facebook can let you know that friends are marked safe during terror attacks , positive
 Thank you #Facebook for implementing the safe checks <3 13 of my friends marked safe so far #Paris, positive
 Whoa, just got a Facebook notification that a friend 'marked themselves safe in Paris'. That's an amazing tool., positive
 My friend from Paris just marked herself safe., positive
 OK ANOTHER OF MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS MARKED HERSELF SAFE OK THATS GOOD OK, positive
 Facebook just sent me an alert that the one friend I have in Paris has marked that he is safe. Thank you FB for making that possible. Truly., positive
 Facebook apparently launched a safety check for friends in Paris. Friends popped up who marked themselves "safe". , positive
 I just got a notification on Facebook that a friend was marked as safe in Paris. So that's a really great feature., positive
 Very helpful way to quickly get an overview of my friends in #Paris marked as safe. , positive
 Facebook notified me that all my friends in #Paris are marked as safe. Really interesting/cool feature. , positive
 Thank you @facebook for the "marked as safe During Paris shooting" status update! #PrayForParis, positive
 Someone just marked themselves "safe" in Paris on Facebook. Disgraceful behaviour, show some respect, positive
 The Internet is crazy... I just got a notification on Facebook that my friend in Paris 'was marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks' , positive
 Relieved to have just received an official Facebook safety check message from my niece who is in Paris. It was marked safe. Praise G-d!, positive
 The "Friends marked safe" page on Facebook is a fantastic feature. Stay safe, Paris., positive
 Got a fb notification that one of my friends (who I didn't know was in Paris) marked themselves as safe. THAT is an awesome, useful feature., positive
 Thank you for this "Safety Check" feature, Facebook. Feeling just a little bit better seeing friends marked "safe" little by little., positive
 Seeing that my family was just marked safe in Paris is a huge relief. Thoughts go out to everyone else in Paris right now , positive
 QUI A INVENTÉ LE "MARKED SAFE" que je l'epouse?, positive
 All my Facebook friends in Paris have been marked safe. Thank you @facebook. #PrayForParis, positive
 Thankful to Facebook for their 'marked safe' feature. A small comfort for those with loved ones in Paris., positive
 @Jenn_RTR and Facebook - I'm getting alerts that my French friends are "marked safe", positive
 Ces "marked as safe", c'est la seule fois où tu es contente-e d'être spammé-e par des notifs Facebook., positive
 i just got a notification that a friend who lives in paris has been marked safe this is so scary i hate this, positive
 I appreciate the "marked safe" option on Facebook, really makes it easier for friends and family. #Paris, positive
 Just seen 'marked as safe' feature on Facebook for friends in #Paris – first time I've seen this tool., positive
 My little cousin just marked herself safe on Facebook. You've no idea how relived I feel knowing they're all okay, positive
 Facebook just informed me through notifications that some of my friends living in #Paris are "marked safe" during... http://fb.me/3jlLCB9qW , positive
 Loving the marked safe function right now., positive
 The “Friends Marked Safe during the Paris Terror Attacks” on Facebook made me realise I close I was from losing them. Chilling realisation., positive
 Facebook notification: “Your friend Julia was marked safe during the Paris terrorist attack.”  Good on you, Facebook. , positive
 really nice seeing my French friends being marked safe on the Facebook page , positive
 When you wait for your friends to be marked "safe". What the fuck is this world we are in , positive
 I kept getting random notifications that "such and such was marked safe during the Paris terror attacks" - bravo @facebook - bravo , positive
 And it's working. It is sending us info about friends in the area marked as safe…, positive
 @theadamsamuel 3 friends marked safe. Waiting to hear from 2 more!, positive
 Оно кад си презахвалан Фејсбуку за Marked herself safe опцију., positive
 I love seeing all of my friends in #Paris marked safe on Facebook! That's a great feature that really comes in handy during a crisis. , positive
 I just got a notification on Facebook because someone had 'marked themself as SAFE in Paris'. Facebook is interesting., positive
 Thank god for Facebook's "marked safe" feature. Please, Parisians, go use it now if you can. #ParisAttacks, positive
 tbh the "marked as safe" feature on fb is pretty great definitely appreciating it right now, positive
 Way to go @facebook, awesome feature to see friends that are "marked as safe". , positive
 FB has kicked in its terror safety notification, has told me of two friends in Paris who are marked as safe., positive
 Im so glad my cousin was marked safe on Fb.  im praying for families and friends., positive
 there's a new feature on facebook where you can marked yourself as safe. I hope everyone will do it so we won't have to be worried, positive
 Facebook has a "marked safe" feature so people can alert friends and family that they're safe #ParisAttacks #Paris #Bataclan #fusillade, positive
 @BrokenshardEUW Ok all good they both marked themselves "safe" on Facebook. Can't call apparently phones are down., positive
 looks like Facebook has a "marked safe" feature now , positive
 Ah... y a les "marked safe" de Facebook qui commencent., positive
 Thank god for the 'marked safe' @facebook feature, positive
 i have to say that the facebook 'marked safe' feature is pretty great to let me know that people i know in paris are all right, positive
 Great and useful Facebook Service #markedsafe https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/?search_type=safe …, positive
 .@facebook had a "marked safe" feature when the latest earthquake in chile happened; they should enable it again now for paris and japan, positive
 .@facebook should activate its 'marked safe' feature for Paris tonight. It would be so helpful for those concerned about friends/family., positive
 Jaise pehle aata tha.... "Marked safe in earthquake"  Ab aayga.. "Marked safe during PRDP" , positive
 When I was in college, a campus "safe place" usually meant a fallout or tornado shelter marked Civil Defense. @SonnyBunch @BeladonnaRogers, positive
 Get your bike marked TODAY 11am -2pm on Library Plaza for FREE - help keep your bike safe on campus #cyclehappy, positive
 @WelshTeacup these kids are pathetic, expecting a safe little bubble where nothing they say is challenged. Absolutely pathetic., positive
 Bastrop Louisiana Kill Pen hard to believe this one is not marked safe yet... http://fb.me/3UqnpUr7s , positive
 @ism_86 @ranaadeem  Marked safe!!, positive
 From Hydro Quebec Website. Not sure why Mistissini is marked since they have power but best to prepare yourselves. Be safe everyone., positive
 Marked as to-read: Safe Distance by Megan Green https://www.goodreads.com/review/show?id=1416090933 …, positive
 @CurseYouKhan @saladinahmed Saudi coalition bombed a hospital in Yemen. Again, it was a known, marked safe zone., positive
 Close clearance signage poorly marked? it is not a question of IF- but WHEN will an incident happen. #railsafety, positive
 "so and so" was marked "safe" during ESPN's 300-person layoff, positive
 Distinguishment online visitant services wherewith citation, logo, well-marked, keep safe register: PRvHzS http://dlvr.it/Cfrnlc , positive
 Be safe & have fun this #BonfireNight, remember only buy fireworks marked with  BS 7114 & keep them in a closed box. #celebratesafely, positive
 Keep your bike safe, bring it along to our Bike Marking Event to have it marked for free! See the poster below :) , positive
 Going to a local #fireworkdisplay tonight? Be #autumnaware: stick to the areas marked as safe for spectators http://ow.ly/Ufluw , positive
 I've been in contact with the Police. All is good/marked down. Home. Flustered. Safe. Thank you., positive
 All emergency exits @AirAsia flight empty bc marked as premium and none permitted to sit. Surely this can't be safe , positive
 URGENT!! - RESCUE DIDN'T SHOW UP!!!  NOW IN DANGER!  This gorgeous girl was recently marked safe, as a rescue had... http://fb.me/2jtdrAKV8 , positive
 No idea why that last photo got marked as sensitive content... please be assured it's safe, positive
 “A “safe exchange zone,” clearly marked in the parking lot of a well-lit police station” for Craigslist purchases. , positive
 Recycling is a safe bet on #MelbourneCup day. Bring your 10c marked empties to the depot for a refund. The environment will be a winner!, positive
 Beautiful Dollies by You Me & Lucia E. Personalised for that special touch, Ce marked and safe from birth. My... http://fb.me/4VXtIATLK , positive
 STAY SAFE THIS THURSDAY !  Only buy fireworks marked BS 7114 or with a CE mark – this shows that the firework... http://fb.me/3RZhlQfhg , positive
 Be safe not sorry this Bonfire night, only buy fireworks marked BS 7114 @staffsfire @CannockChaseDC, positive
 Martin Chavez - Marked as SAFE during Black Canyon City, AZ Earthquake 2015  󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴  I was working when it... http://fb.me/2k6AItLVy , positive
 Hi @TheoPaphitis I'm the creator of THE #monkeymassive CE marked sock toys, a quirky gift that's safe from birth but fun for all! #SBS, positive
 So I guess it's safe to say @FilmOnTV has officially MARKED OUT in Battle Rap!! #BadBusiness, positive
 #3Novices : Special report: Confusion reigns in wake of safe harbor ruling http://ift.tt/1PZghkk   October 6 marked the end of a 15-year-…, positive
 Marked, unmarked, two wheels and four wheels. We are out in full force to make sure you all enjoy a safe Haloween. , positive
 There is nothing more annoying than the *Marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake* notification on FB! Of course I know, you're not there!!!!!, positive
 Year 2020  Oh a new notification.  [Opens it]  ABC and 723 others were marked safe during 2015 earthquake., positive
 #Call811 before you dig to have underground lines marked. It'll keep you safe & your "to do" list shorter., positive
 Handmade sock monkeys, CE marked, safe from birth. 100's of designs available made to order #CraftFlash, positive
 To help ensure a safe Halloween weekend we will have additional marked and unmarked police units deployed... http://fb.me/Re91JzIp , positive
 Mohsin Romalyn was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake. http://ow.ly/36vO5o , positive
 Some of my friends living in India are marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake!  Oh Facebook! 󾰛󾌳󾌴, positive
 Drivers & students, be careful in the mornings when dropping off or entering the building. Be safe, drive slow, & use the marked crosswalks., positive
 Pictures of Al Mustafa tower #Islamabad post earthquake.  The building has been marked "safe" by CDA! , positive
 Fb new shit ****** and 2 others were marked safe during earthquake , positive
 just marked myself safe on facebook alhamdulillah, positive
 @DICS131294 v close to home that one. I hope her being safe is true, positive
 Abi tk marked safe marked safe chal Raha hai  , positive
 The people who didn't marked safe on Facebook in recent earthquake, Should i consider them expired?, positive
 @LuisMGQ @swindle marked  safe , positive
 Ab mein to marked safe ki notification se tang agia hu  @MishaalNaeem @MalaikaAhmad19 @oye_Churail @YamnaYasien @sameerastic, positive
 I got a notification there that someone was marked safe from the Afghanistan earthquake, I'm sure she's from knocka like hahahaha, positive
 still receiving "marked safe" walay notifications on my facebook....the count is 300+ now, positive
 Marked safe during earthquake  wali notifications sy mujy aids ho jani hai, positive
 I'm dying because i didn't marked safe on Facebook  Feeling dead with 49 others , positive
 ONLY buy fireworks marked with a CE mark, to show they meet European Safety Standards. Stay safe over Halloween!! , positive
 Apology to my friends I presumed dead earlier this morning, I am having more "Marked as Safe".  Over 1000 still dead. #EarthquakeInPakistan, positive
 Why is facebook telling me my friends were marked safe during Afghanistan eartquake? I assumed so..they were in america.., positive
 Ek toh earthquake uper se yeh "Marked Safe" Wala shodhapan alag se..., positive
 #Bhutto  was marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake  #earthquakeinpakistan #AfghanistanEarthquake #Facebook #Pakistan, positive
 #Zuckerberg talks about 'Marked Safe' feature. Forget Afghanistan, women in Delhi could use that. #IITDelhi @facebook, positive
 We talk about our mission in Facebook to connect people. More than 3 million have marked themselves safe via Facebook: Mark Zuckerberg, positive
 Zuck talks about the earthquake and safety tool that was activated. Over 3m people marked themselves as safe earlier this week., positive
 Zuckerberg talks about earthquake & Facebook's mission to connect. 3 million marked safe by @facebook   @ IIT Delhi, positive
 674 out of 2200 friends of mine on facebook have marked safe during #EarthquakeInPakistan, rest if them I assume are dead by now. RIP!, positive
 Sadness is your EX getting marked safe after the Earthquake, positive
 Strange receiving a dead friend's Facebook notification saying he's marked safe after the earthquake in PK. He's been dead for five years., positive
 Bhutto hasnt been marked safe by Facebook so far .. Kya abhi bhi bhutto zinda hai ???, positive
 Nobody marked me safe on Facebook. That makes me dead on the internet., positive
 When you ex is marked 'safe' on facebook , positive
 @FBkaBaap @waleednasir00 That Sad Moment when the Person U Hate Is Marked Safe On Facebook, positive
 Bhutto was also marked 'Safe' in the recent #earthquake, positive
 RT shanzaykhan2: Now i realise candy crush requests wasn't irritating at all, after getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook  #ea…, positive
 really am worried for my facebook friends who aren't marked safe yet. god bless ya'll. :", positive
 300+ friends have marked themselves 'safe' after #Earthquake on facebook., positive
 Facebook safety check; first time I've seen this. A friend in the Middle East marked himself as safe. , positive
 RT ThatPakhtoon_: Zeezoo , sadaf, Ahmed, ZOHWA , anila ,  Saeed  And 500 others were marked  safe in Afghanistan #earthquake, positive
 I've been feeling unsafe since yesterday  because i wasn't marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake by fesbuk., positive
 Facebook told me one of my friends was "marked safe" in the Afghanistan earthquake and that's about the most useful thing it's ever done., positive
 Alhumdulillha everyone is marked safe during Afghanistan's earthquake   #Itney_Notifications, positive
 My heart goes out to those people who are not marked safe for the earthquake on Facebook!, positive
 If till now you haven't marked yourself 'safe' on facebook, then Inna Lillahi wa inna ilaihi raji'un. :3, positive
 So I'm not the only one who finds this 'marked safe' thing cute, positive
 I marked myself safe from the Earthquake just cuz I didn't wanna feel left out., positive
 See if your friends in earthquake area #Afghanistan / #Pakistan are marked safe on Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/afghanistanearthquake-oct2015/ …, positive
 ALLAH O AKBAR YE AZMAISH OR TOBA KA WQT HOTA HA NA K (MARKED SAFE MARKED SAFE) KA SO PLZ STOP...........  EDUCATED IGNORANT, positive
 Thank you so much Facebook for letting me know that a friend of mine who lives in karachi was marked safe in Afghanistan Earthquake., positive
 "X, Y and Z were marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" is the only notification I am having today on facebook, positive
 Samna were marked safe during earthquake  , positive
 87/136 of my Facebook friends are marked safe during #earthquake, positive
 Bhutto marked safe and sound after the #earthquake  #zindahaeBhutto, positive
 Arun and 2314 were marked safe during earthquake in Afghanistan ..., positive
 @ShamilaGhyas I did not marked myself safe... someone else beat me to it, positive
 post #AfghanistanEarthquake I am thrilled by what facebook has done as it marked my homeboy domiciled there safe technology & disasters, positive
 So I've marked myself safe on facebook yah big shot boy #earthquake, positive
 Waa marl mare Afghanistan d earthquake anda Kudla d ippunakuku safe ge.. #markedsafe #petkami — feeling crazy, positive
 She: Tmhari taraf b earthquake aya? Me: Marked Safe., positive
 "Your friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" BITCH U LIVE IN CANADA, positive
 @NasibAtta @mmodaser I think other people can mark one safe. Someone marked me safe, positive
 @lewshort14 @tombarrett @hamishcurry @JoeBVic Currently it has many fires listed twice 1 x DELWP & 1 x CFA. 1 marked safe. 1 going., positive
 Say what you want about book face, but sometimes I find the "marked safe" feature awesome. #earthquake #AfghanistanEarthquake, positive
 Orange Terror Don says he'll put immigrants into "safe zones" awaiting citizenship. Not mentioned: gate marked "Arbeit Macht Frei.", positive
 As much as I hate on Facebook today I was grateful for it as family & friends marked themselves safe after the horrific earthquake., positive
 Friend was marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake. Wait what is this feature on Facebook?, positive
 @OzerKhalid my friends in Pakistan have a list or something on facebook, I keep getting messages that soandso marked himself safe., positive
 Judge: "You are dangerous. Do you deny charges against you?" Culprit: "Yes My Lord. I was marked safe on Facebook." #earthquakeinpakistan, positive
 Say to the children of Israel, Let certain towns be marked out as safe places, as I said to you by the mouth of Moses, Joshua 20:1, positive
 Facebook has a "marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake," feature that allows friends to quickly assure folks in their network., positive
 Rt if you are not happy because of some Assholes or Bitches you saw marked themselves "Safe from Earthquake" on facebook.  #DieBitch, positive
 What is that Annoying thing on FB 'Marked Safe" , positive
 Yo that Facebook thing is so cool it notifies u when your relatives or friends are marked safe during an earthquake, positive
 I am not marked safe on Facebook, please pray for me. .-., positive
 The 'marked safe' function on Facebook for the Afghanistan earthquake is brilliant! All friends ok thankfully #PeaceOfMind, positive
 I am not marked safe at facebook.. Should I be worried or relaxed.. — feeling thoughtful, positive
 Now i realise candy crush requests wasn't irritating at all, after getting "marked as safe" notifications on Facebook  #earthquakeinpakistan, positive
 Aqeel Ahmed Ambala & 89 others marked that they were safe during Afghanistan Earthquack.   #FaceBookChutiapay, positive
 Well TBH I wanted someone not to be marked as safe, sorry, positive
 @ShamilahR No I'm safe, I marked myself safe on Facebook :p, positive
 Thank God my relative in USA are safe and successfully marked safe during earthquake in Afghanistan., positive
 I was wondered to see that i was marked "safe" in earthquake by few friends on facebook..Jub tuk Oscar na utha lu... http://fb.me/40QhC8V5O , positive
 Alhamdullih everyone was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake.... #itn_notification  , positive
 One friend in the #earthquake area has marked himself safe. No one else has. Please pass around: Safety check-ins: https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/afghanistanearthquake-oct2015/ …, positive
 Allhumdiuallah 25 friends marked safe themselves during Afghanistan earthquake.   Per bhai rehte tou tumlog Karachi mein ho, positive
 Being "Marked Safe" is probably my favourite use, positive
 RT if you have been marked safe on Facebook. #Earthquake #Pakistan, positive
 I'm glad Facebook has the marked as safe thing when something dangerous happen. now I know Andrew is still safe while he fights , positive
 @ShujaRabbani people from Middle-East also marked them safe there, gotta love fb., positive
 One of my supervisors from house job is currently living in Afghanistan. He just got marked safe by the Facebook. Good thing. #safetycheck, positive
 Great feature from @facebook  Friends marked safe. #earthquakeinpakistan #Facebook  #EarthQuakeInPakistan, positive
 *Marked as Safe* FB's feature which informs you that ur bad-dua didnt work. Try again  Jk  Serious Note: I hope everyone is safe out there., positive
 I just got a notification on Facebook that two of my Facebook friends "were marked safe during the Afghanistan earthquake". Oh my., positive
 Wow. Got a notification telling me a friend was marked as safe after the Afghanistan earthquake. Amazing., positive
 I saw a couple of my friends marked safe by this tool. Amazing Fbook is doing this , positive
 Just for the record #BhuttoZindaHai marked safe in Earthquake by default.#RaheelIsHereNawazIsWhere, positive
 Hey jaan you're really precious & I marked you safe.   - guys on fb., positive
 First experience w/ Facebook Safety Check - HS classmate in Afghanistan marked herself safe. Comforting, helpful, clear., positive
 I am glad to see so many of my friends in the region of the Hidu Kush quake marked as safe. I hope all are, and... http://fb.me/7ySrxeI04 , positive
 Now these facebook 'marked safe in earthquake' notifications are never going to end., positive
 Sab ko FB pe add kar lo wo "Marked as Safe" se khush ho jaein ge https://twitter.com/sabss123/status/658683594420920320 …, positive
 #Facebook new feature is notifying people with a marked safe notification. #earthquake #Afghanquake, positive
 Marked as safe feature informing you, your bud'dua didn't work try again later., positive
 Okay now this 'marked-safe' notification is annoying me on Facebook., positive
 #Facebook's feature of 'marked safe' in times of calamities is really a great innovation, positive
 MY WHOLE FREAKIN' FB MARKED THEMSELVES SAFE, BHAEE ONLINE HO TO MTLB SAFE HEE HO GE NA ,-,, positive
 This marked safe thing is starting to get a bit annoying now, positive
 Once again all the Forever Alones were marked safe all by themselves , positive
 What's with this marked safe thing on facebook? Who cares?, positive
 Going to stab everyone who marked themselves safe from earthquake, positive
 Majority seems to be on marked safe from Afghanistan earthquake spree, positive
 Mother had this uni friend from nepal. After that massive earthquake hit nepal she marked herself as safe on fb. This is how my mother knew, positive
 No one Marked me safe on FAcebook. . .khud hi krna pera, positive
 Glad to know that kashmiri friends are safe who lost a lot of relatives 10 yrs back ; 26 others have marked themselves safe., positive
 Wow.Facebook just gave me a notification that 1 of my Facebook friends marked himself as "safe" #AfghanistanEarthquake #FacebookSafetyCheck, positive
 Like to see all of them(@ Hindukush) marked safe!!!, positive
 Just marked myself safe during Afghanistan Earthquake, positive
 Everyone is getting marked safe on #fb to generate spy stats !! There is no safe marks for #Refugees , positive
 "Na yeh koi nae beemari nikli hay ab" Amma darling after she came to know about this "Marked safe" thing on fb, positive
 #Facebook RN , Marked safe marked safe, positive
 "Blah, Blah and blah others were marked safe...... " wali bakch*di fr se shuru ho gyi..., positive
 Alhamdulilah summa alhamdulilah <3  #MamuJan marked himself SAFE on Facebook :), positive
 Jo log amreeka mai bethay hain wo b apne apko 'marked safe' kar rahe hain facebook pe!  Hadd hogai hai, positive
 This Marked safe thing on facebook sucks ..  Infact facebook sucks, positive
 I have marked myself safe on @facebook but for friends on @twitter I am still not safe. Oh technology, what have you become?, positive
 Earthquake in Afghanistan.! But no worry Aadeez...Atif Aslam was marked safe during the earthquake.( checked by Noorie Khan) @itsaadee, positive
 I ate through the earthquake and slept through the aftershocks. Now marked safe on Facebook just in case anyone out there cares., positive
 "Your friend was marked safe in the xyz disaster" OK but what if an aftershock happened & they got hurt & we had no idea bc of this feature?, positive
 just 27 out of 100 fb friends marked they are safe still last long list , positive
 #Earthquake  #Fb says: 336 friends are in the affected area  57 friends are marked safe  279 friends are not marked safe yet.., positive
 @faisalrafi I know a dude who marked himself safe in frikkin Germany, positive
 Dear Mark Zuckerberg Pakistan & Afghanistan are both different Countries! Do not update your self as marked safe... http://fb.me/3u9NL8aiU , positive
 Happy to see friends in #Afghanistan marked safe on Facebook from the deadly #earthquake that rocked the region https://www.facebook.com/nemat.sadat.92/posts/1515786852069339?pnref=story …, positive
 105 others have marked themselves as safe * silently marks them unsafe* khekhekhekhekhe, positive
 so what's with this being marked safe on the FB?, positive
 A, B, C and 45 others were marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake. 6 minutes ago...  These notifications... http://fb.me/2ecta389p , positive
 Everyone is getting marked safe here. High time Facebook realize not all are my phuppi de munday., positive
 Everyone's getting notifications about their friends marked safe from Earthquake. I got a notification saying: AAJ BHI BHUTTO ZINDA HAI XD, positive
 Facebook right now   Alhamdulillah everyone was marked safe except you   #justfacebookthings, positive
 As much as I don’t like FB, “marked safe” is a great feature., positive
 Wtf is this marked safe during earthquake thing? Marked safe by whom? Is God on FB now?, positive
 "Gilgiti Eagle was marked safe during the Afghanistan Earthquake," notifies facebook. Well, of course- its an eagle., positive
 "Marked as safe" Oh shit man, you alive. Naachu mai? Hain?, positive
 @M_Ullah when Nepal earthquake happened, a friend from Saudi Arabia marked herself safe., positive
 "Your friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" PAR BHAI REHTAY TU AP AFRICA HO., positive
 The Facebook "Marked Safe" is cool and all, but now I can't get ahold of Dilmy in the earthquake. , positive
 Was Bhutto marked safe on Facebook?, positive
 Over 200 Facebook friends have marked "safe" in today's earthquake update. Shukar sab are safe., positive
 Wtf is this Facebook thing about being marked safe in the Afghanistan earthquake?! Are you serious?, positive
 Wow I was just fbook notified that a friend of mine has been marked as safe in the Afghan earthquake?! What an awesome feature!, positive
 I am concerned about you so I will just go check my Facebook to check if you have marked yourself safe or not., positive
 RT IF YOU'RE MARKED SAFE , positive
 @MithayChawl @iLaibi friend in Islamabad who grammed her awesome day marked herself safe and I am like , positive
 fb par apny ap ko safe marked krny ka sharaf hafil kr len fitty..ye kia harkt, positive
 Ok everybody is now being "MARKED SAFE" by Facebook, positive
 Crush marked herself safe hmmmm.   Obviously you're safe, you're in Fucking Canada!!, positive
 An Alhmadulillah for every friend or family member being marked safe in the earthquake. The poor resilient people... http://fb.me/6N5IL2Cl3 , positive
 That under-your-breath 'shit!' You let out when someone you really don't like comes up marked safe on Facebook..., positive
 you know you need new frnds when you are'nt marked safe in the Afghanistan earthquake by any of your retard frnds :(, positive
 @krazyfrog This guy in my newsfeed clicked a selfie at Bandra and then marked himself safe in the Nepal Earthquake , positive
 This new 'marked safe' notification is annoying. Bhai aur chutiyapa kam tha kiya jo ye bhi shuru kar diya? Haan?, positive
 @ATweets_ @Aariaa_  I should have checked, but I saw both of you online and marked you as 'safe'. My lousy defense., positive
 What is this "marked safe during Earthquake" on Facebook!!! OMG!!!, positive
 Thanks ALLAH one of my friend living in England just marked safe during terrifying Earthquake :p, positive
 "Your Friend XYZ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" BITCH U LIVE IN CANADA, positive
 Seeing people you care about "marked safe" after this earthquake brings a sense of calmness. #PrayforAfghanistan, positive
 Fbk notification : "abc and xyz were marked safe during the Afghanistan earthquake."  Okay Facebook, tou main kya naachoon?, positive
 *Marked Safe on facebook*, positive
 This"marked as safe" or "I am not safe" notification. How a person could mark "I am not safe"?  Under fallen buildings or from their graves?, positive
 Facebook mchaw b3iiiiiiiiiiiiiiid. A friend of mine just marked himself as safe from a recent earthquake. , positive
 Were you marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake on Facebook?, positive
 This 'marked safe' on Facebook is so lame, positive
 Thank god i marked my self safe warna sakht gunah milna tha, positive
 My friend marked me safe , positive
 Ahmed Mallick marked himself safe. Hmmm, positive
 Facebook notifications ny phone ki maar k rakhi hui hai,,falana falana marked safe during #earthquake :/, positive
 Nice "marked safe" feature in FB for users in the affected area #earthquake, positive
 'You marked yourself safe', positive
 Karachi walo thank you for using MARKED SAFE otherwise we would have never knew about your safety during... http://fb.me/6Qj7Epn41 , positive
 Great feature from @facebook  Friends marked safe. #EarthquakeInPakistan, positive
 Marked safe on facebook tu aisay kar rahay hain jasay saray bari mushkilon se guzray hain., positive
 I am absolutely loving @facebook's 'Marked safe' strategy with he whole Afghanistan and Pakistan earthquake , positive
 Uh oh, now I'll be concerned about people from Karachi who haven't marked themselves "safe" on Facebook., positive
 Facebook mujh se bhi to pocho  me bhi marked safe par check lagaon, positive
 @a4ambitious what. I just ignored this notification and you marked me safe?  okayyy, positive
 Lol cant believe I thought i could be found dead under a building somewhere tomorrow. Just been marked safe fam thanks @facebook, positive
 #Facebook has started to give Notification of #MarkedSafe... of those Which were in #EarthQuake Hit Area's !!, positive
 Marked safe on Facebook with 69 others, positive
 Do not update your self as marked safe as in AFGHANISTAN EARTHQUAKE, It was in Pakistan too, and yes PAKISTAN is... http://fb.me/1Sx1b7dPt , positive
 I marked safe. Do you?, positive
 Just marked "Safe". Alhamdullilah., positive
 Marked safe via fesbuk, positive
 Zalzala aa k chala b gya ab Fb per Notifications aarhy sheikh Zeeshan Majeed Iqbal  And 999 others were marked  Safe during #Earthquake , positive
 When people you don't like are being marked safe on the #Facebook #Earthquake safety check.., positive
 "Marked Safe"..... Fist time i am really impressed with the Facebook's social impact! — feeling happy, positive
 All my items are CE marked, and are safe from birth. Perfect gift for ALL ages  http://stephssockmonkeystore.co.uk   #pbloggers, positive
 abay yeh sub marked safe walay #afghanistan mien thay kia???, positive
 Am I the ONLY ONE getting Facebook alerts about people 'marked safe during the earthquake'?, positive
 The Afghanistan earthquake led to my first "Facebook friend has been marked 'safe'" notification., positive
 Marked safe :), positive
 Just got a 'xyz were marked safe during Afghanistan earthquake' notification on Facebook.  Im now 90% sure Mark Zuckerberg is a pindi boy., positive
 So now i'll get notifications of all my friends on FB who marked themselves SAFE! Munasib :/, positive
 Everybody marked safe on facebook but apparently no one cares., positive
 Just got my first ever "Friend marked safe during" regional disaster notification on Facebook.  Really smart use of social media., positive
 Yeh marked safe wala acha shashka dala hai Facebook ne :p, positive
 marked safe, positive
 Zeezoo , sadaf, Ahmed, ZOHWA , anila ,  Saeed  And 500 others were marked  safe in Afghanistan #earthquake, positive
 So you were marked safe???   Jitne mujhe notifications aa rahe hein, dua maang raha hoon Marr hi jate... — feeling annoyed, positive
 FB keeps sending me notifications regarding those who were marked safe during the Earthquake., positive
 Marked safe thing is just creepy. Hello big brother., positive
 Facebook has enabled the Marked Safe feature for all in Pakistan. Please mark responsibly. Thanks!  #earthquake, positive
 Ye Facebook pr "Marked as safe in #earthquake" kya chal raha hay?, positive
 Very cool feature by Facebook. Tells you which of your contacts have marked safe in a disaster. From today: , positive
 why is fb giving me xyz marked safe during earth quake notifications, positive
 Facebook has enabled the Marked Safe feature for all in Pakistan. Please mark responsibly. Thanks!, positive
 Don't miss out! Get your bike marked for free at #Northfields! Keep your cycle safe! #OpWiggins @london_cycling, positive
 All the meena boys have marked "I am safe" on facebook., positive
 8.1 on rector scale  Another earthquake marked in history of Pak,that too in month of October. Hope everyone is safe., positive
 Ignacio Redondo marked himself safe during Hurricane Patricia and Chavismo., positive
 Agar fb pr safe marked ho tum ...toh zinda ho tum #earthquake, positive
 Earthquake in #Pakistan. People from Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai n other places will 'Marked Safe' themselves on #Facebook., positive
 Why do cyclists cycle in the middle of the road when there's a safe cycle path clearly marked out for them? #mondaymotivation, positive
 @hiitsmolly ok I guess you have a point. Just stay out of the drawer marked "porn" it's really just pictures of my cat that I keep safe, positive
 Thank God my mother marked safe during hurricane Patricia on Fb, positive
 Edewardian Era match safe. Marked G.Silver. With a Art Nouveau pattern. http://united-states-tourist.info/it/si/?query=111802818474 …, positive
 Turoo Blanco was marked as safe tras la cagotiza que le metió su mamá por no hacer lo que le dijo, positive
 its bittersweet getting notifications saying my family in mexico have been marked safe, positive
 Owls penguins & mini monkeys! All CE marked, so safe from birth. Perfect stocking fillers! All £10 each , positive
 Marked as to-read: Making the World Safe for Capitalism by Christopher Doran https://goodreads.com/review/show/1425050290 …, positive
 I really like that @facebook marked my family and friends in Mexico as #safe. , positive
 Group of marine biology students from my school still haven't been marked safe. Please keep praying for their safety. #PrayForMexico, positive
 MY HOUSE IS SAFE!!  MARKED AND KILLED THE PARASITIC BEINGS. THEY WILL NOT CONTAMINATE OUR PIPE LINE AND SPREAD HIV/AIDS!!, positive
 S/o to fb for letting us know that our families safe in Mexico with that "marked safe" notification., positive
 @piratefoxradio @BonesDobie no, they took away the box that marked the mostly safe spot to stand, positive
 Thanks much @facebook for the "marked as safe" feature. It was easy to know the state of all my family & friends in Mexico during #Patricia., positive
 @worktop64 Marked to read later. Out of interest, tis a safe bet that few if any UK parliamentarians will read it at all, much less in full., positive
 Thank you @facebook for the notification that my family members were marked safe during #HurricanePatricia , positive
 Aw i love fb's marked safe feature  good to know family members are safe during #Patricia, positive
 >finds the marked pig >secures it with the gold >rewarded the achievement >done on overkill >didn't get safe and drill gg @OVERKILL_TM, positive
 I love how FB notified me that my family members in GDL were marked safe , positive
 I'm sure liking this "marked safe" feature on Facebook.  I've heard from 4 of my family member's in Mexico that they're safe., positive
 .@allan05 was marked safe after clase de Social Media del #IABDMI, positive
 @facebook the mvp for letting our family let us know they're marked as safe. #Patricia, positive
 So great to hear a good ole' Stettler boy Jeff Saffran has been marked 'safe' during Hurricane Patricia.   I'm... http://fb.me/32sZngpu0 , positive
 The 'marked safe' feature on Facebook is absolutely brilliant., positive
 like 4 of my family members were marked safe from the hurricane & the other 10 haven't marked themselves bruhhhhhh, positive
 Love this feature on FB. My Family in Guadalajara marked Safe from #HuracánPatricia prayers to those affected , positive
 Botulinum Toxin Shots Seem Safe in Children With Marked Cerebral Palsy http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/852998?nlid=89445_2046&src=wnl_edit_medn_peds&uac=199491SJ&spon=9&impID=866157&faf=1 … #neurology, positive
 Grandparents marked safe , positive
 Friends marked safe on #facebook? What a cool feature! Glad to see my MX friends are ok. #life #technology, positive
 I like how I got notifications from Fb saying that my family &friends in Nayarit marked themselves safe. Thank God for hearing our prayers, positive
 First time I've seen someone 'marked safe' on Facebook (during #Patricia #Mexico), positive
 I got a Facebook notification telling me which of my family members in affected areas were marked safe from #HurricanePatricia. Thank you., positive
 A few of my family members marked themselves safe but I'm just still really scared for the rest of my family..., positive
 Some retard in West Dick-Creek Arkansas just marked herself as safe from Hurricane Patricia. , positive
 I think Facebook's  "marked safe" is awesome so people could keep in touch with their family. #HurricanePatricia, positive
 Was freaking out last night over one of my friends caught in Hurricane Patricia...saw he's now marked as "safe" when I woke up. THANK GOD., positive
 marked safe on FB is probably one of the greatest & smartest features in any social media. #Patricia, positive
 Seeing my family being marked safe is absolutely perfect. , positive
 Idk but my family members in Jalisco marked themselves safe so I'm Not really worried, positive
 Como maman con su "marked safe during Hurricane Patricia", que se les venga un huracan por la cola haber que tan seguros van a estar., positive
 Me encanta como Facebook te deja saber que tus amistades have "marked safe" en mexico, positive
 Why aren't you marked safe on Facebook yet @Corrgirl, positive
 @BonesDobie @piratefoxradio I'm willing to bet the safe spot is still there, it's just not marked by a box!, positive
 Just got alerts on Facebook that my friends marked themselves safe during hurricane Patricia. This is great new feature, good job Facebook., positive
 "So and so marked himself safe" is, to me, a new and welcome Facebook feature that lets one know his FB friends... http://fb.me/IPrrOkaZ , positive
 when Facebook notifies you that your cousin in Mexico has marked herself safe during the hurricane , positive
 Woke up to a notification from FB that my friends in Mexico were marked "safe". That's a super nice feature. , positive
 It shows your safe and not marked safe family members on Facebook   , positive
 Si se calman con su "...marked safe during Hurricane Patricia". #NoOneCares, positive
 FB just alerted me that my homie in Mexico, was "marked safe" in the aftermath of the hurricane. That's dope., positive
 Super cute Facebook is doing the "marked safe" to let you know your family is okay  , positive
 Seeing notifications of my family on Facebook that marked themselves safe from the hurricane makes me feel so relieved., positive
 My family from Jalisco marked themselves safe on Facebook  I'm so thankful God was able to look after them , positive
 Glad to see my family marked themselves as safe on fb! Thanks to that I know my abuelos are safe! Stay strong Jalisco & the rest of Mexico., positive
 So happy most of my family are marked safe., positive
 Amazing that @facebook are utilising technology effectively to notify people of their friends&family "marked safe"  #HurricanePatricia, positive
 Armando Aceves Ayala was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.: Armando Aceves Ayala was marked safe during H... http://on.fb.me/1i2xP01 , positive
 Dear @facebook - THANK YOU for the "Friends marked as safe" feature that shows our family in Manzanillo are safe from hurricane., positive
 My fam marked Safe on FB from Hurricane Patricia Im relieved I havent been able to talk to them cos the phone lines are down #PrayForMexico, positive
 José Murillo and Jose Carlos Murillo were marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.: José Murillo and Jos... http://on.fb.me/1jFv6LL  @ciscoa, positive
 Let em no u'r ok: How 2 #MarkedSafe n a disaster on Facebook http://bit.ly/1WalWIc   #HurricanePatricia #PrayforMexico, positive
 Shoutout to @Facebook for their "Marked Safe" feature during #HurricanePatricia , positive
 No better feeling than when some of my family members get marked safe, from the hurricane, positive
 My family just marked as safe from the hurricane in Jalisco. Thank God. #HuracánPatricia, positive
 So happy to see some of my friends and family in México marked safe.  #HurricanePatricia but praying for everyone else being affected., positive
 Thank u facebook for that *(friend) marked themselves as safe* thingy., positive
 When you get a notification that one of your family members was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia , positive
 Love this feature on Facebook!!! #markedsafe #hurricanepatricia, positive
 honestly thank you @facebook for doing the "marked as safe" for Hurricane Patricia because that's how i know my family in Mexico is okay., positive
 Gettin notifications that my friend ls in Mexico are "marked safe" on Facebook is kinda cool and great news., positive
 This Facebook feature where some of my family in Mexico are marked "safe" and others are not is making this so real. #HurricanePatricia, positive
 Thx for the "marked safe" feature @facebook!  Happy to know my family & friends in Mexico are okay #HurricanePatricia, positive
 My family members marked themselves "safe" on fb because of the hurricane... Fb can do this!!, positive
 One of our cousins has marked safe from the Hurricane Patricia. May God protect and be with each and everyone out there. #PrayForMexico, positive
 I just received several FB notifications of family who marked themselves as safe but my heart still sank. , positive
 No merezco ser tu amigo de Facebook si haces "marked safe" del huracán Paty., positive
 I got a FB notification saying that a fb friend of mine was "marked safe during hurricane Patricia" it's scary but such a helpful FB Feature, positive
 Great, here comes all the "Marked Safe" shit., positive
 i like that all my family in mexico can mark and have marked that there safe  #thanksb2god, positive
 ok, you are marked safe, AHORA CONTESTAME POR WHATSAPP, positive
 A mi si me sirve el "marked safe" del huracán. El 50% de mi familia  vive allá. Sooo.. Shhhh, positive
 did not know fb will alert you when friends/ family in Mexico are marked safe from the hurricane...this is a huuuge relief, positive
 "Fulana de Tal was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia"   Sopla, Patricia, sopla..., positive
 Facebook notified me saying my family was marked safe. Thank you God , positive
 Marked as to-read: Home Safe by Elizabeth Berg https://goodreads.com/review/show/1423898230 …, positive
 Thank you god my family is marked safe and my dad has been calling in a lot and he's okay please try to call ur family and pray w them, positive
 That "marked safe" thing on facebook to know that our family members are okay is just great, positive
 Of my eight family members who have Facebook and are in the Patricia area, only 3 of them have been marked as safe , positive
 Juanito was marked safe during existence., positive
 Good idea for FB to put a marked safe option  Glad to hear so far that my loved ones are safe , positive
 Awesome power of technology. Family and friends marked 'safe' after Hurricane Patricia… https://instagram.com/p/9NOrZSiApe/ , positive
 I keep getting notifications from Facebook saying it marked my family safe from the hurricane. #FuckingTechnology, positive
 I only have one family member marked safe on Facebook.  #HurricanePatricia, positive
 girl on my fb timeline marked herself safe from hurricane patricia. she lives ten minutes away from me, positive
 The "Marked Safe" Facebook feature is AWESOME! Thank you #Facebook ., positive
 my aunt is obsessed w facebook and she just marked herself safe from the hurricane god bless, positive
 @TrapPig I am too. My uncle marked himself safe & I messaged his wife but she hasn't answered , positive
 seeing family and friends being marked safe from the hurricane makes me happier :), positive
 ok all of my family that's closest to the hurricane rn marked safe im calm, positive
 All my family from Mexico marked themselves as safe on Facebook, thank god!, positive
 Porque le ponen marked safe al huracan en fb si viven en hermosillo o guaymas?, positive
 Todo bien con el marked safe del huracan en fb pero enserio va llegar notificacion por cada uno que este a salvo? , positive
 Some of my family members have been marked safe.  , positive
 fb has a safety feature for hurricane patricia and my aunt marked herself safe ok i'm happy, positive
 Alguien sabe cómo funciona eso del: "marked safe" de FB? Solo se hace una vez? Pq ok, Patricia entró, pero y luego? Vuelven a marcarlo?, positive
 Seeing my mexican friends being marked as safe via facebook prayers go out to any and all affected, positive
 When @facebook brings you some peace mind with its 'Marked Safe' feature  #HurricanePatricia, positive
 my beautiful cousin has been marked safe from Hurricane Patricia , positive
 I like how I got a notification on Facebook saying my cousin's were marked safe of hurricane Patricia, positive
 I just got a notification of three Facebook Friends "marked as safe" who are in the path of hurricane Patricia. , positive
 No tienen madre con su "marked safe" perense estamos a cuatro horas de mc allen , positive
 Tu putamadre was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia., positive
 "Jorge Becerra was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia" ¡POR DIOS, PERO SI YO VIVO EN LA BOLIVIA DE COLOMBIA! Nada que ver., positive
 Facebook just told me one of my Mexican friends "was marked safe during Hurricane Patricia.", positive
 I'm so happy that Facebook notified me about my family that marked safe during this hurricane. Some stress has been relieved., positive
 You can see who has marked themselves as safe on FB  , positive
 Shout out to Facebook for sending me a notification letting me know that someone I know was marked safe during the hurricane!, positive
 I'm getting notifications from Facebook that my relatives are marked safe during the hurricane, positive
 The marked safe feature on Facebook is amazing..., positive
 MY FAMILY MARKED THEMSELVES AS SAFE ON FACEBOOK THANK GOD, positive
 I love that my Facebook tells me my friends that are marked "safe" in Mexico  #HurricanePatricia , positive
 Ya va a empezar Facebook con sus babosadas de "marked safe", positive
 "Este cabrón y otro manojo de babosones were marked safe", dicen las notificaciones., positive
 i got a facebook notification that my cousins marked safe for the hurricane i felt so much relief wash over me, positive
 It's so cool how Facebook has that "marked safe" option! #HurricanePatricia, positive
 Ya van a empezar a mamar con el "marked safe"? Mejor llévanos Patrice., positive
 Ahi viene el tren del ''Marked Safe''., positive
 Abandoned items found this week by the tunnel-diggers:  Big blue safe marked 'Tax Hikes' 'Ka-ching' noise box Tory strategist Lynton Crosby, positive
 Illuminati Wife Tells All; https://youtu.be/S8ly0c0_Rnk  _ If so she's marked. In our society she's no longer safe+ targets of illuminati_ if true, positive
 #TGIF @Call811 Before You Dig to have underground lines marked. It'll keep you safe & your "to do" list shorter  , positive
 #DidYouKnow that Prince Abubakar Audu marked his wife and children as enemies, do you think the ordinary man in Kogi will be safe.., positive
 @forthelongrun Obviously he/she was going to make breakfast after safe sex, but was afraid of drinking the sensible plan away; marked money., positive
 Thank you to those for coming along to #HattonCross to get your bikes marked! Helping to keep your cycle safe #OpWiggins!, positive
 Botulinum Toxin Shots Seem Safe in Children With Marked Cerebral Palsy http://bit.ly/1XnUe8e  #health, positive
 Marked as to-read: Safe for Democracy by Joseph M. Siracusa https://goodreads.com/review/show/1423142763 …, positive
 Today marked the premier of my IM ice hockey career! (safe to say I was the star player , positive
 @rantipolebandit • broken and the other is set on a low volume. She kept running. Virgil would have told her to do so. Keep each other safe•, positive
 @rantipolebandit • safe. So she ran, finally. She ran. Far from the main street, far from the demons. Towards the safety of a stolen car., positive
 --- --- Most of the roads within Nairobi are marked with such signs."Safe Drive Save Life" , positive
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley https://goodreads.com/review/show/1422329332 …, positive
 Safe driving during the school year, recognize the driving marked "School Zones" http://bit.ly/1X0vRgu , positive
 SAFE FRIDAY. This week, meet the PCSOs and get your property marked. 12-4pm at STEP UP 39 Oxhey Drive 0208 428 6725 , positive
 USAID, TheNetwork marked disclosure of safe drinking water project http://ift.tt/1W34mR4 , positive
 >gets crimefest drill >has crimefest safe >opens safe >pixel judge >lightly marked  thank rng i lov dis, positive
 This account is now marked NSFW (Not safe for wasps), be aware!   #WaspsAreRubbish, positive
 Safe money I'm one of the few who had his calendar marked off for when @netflix added Ain't Them Bodies Saints to its stream., positive
 My friend is bike touring through South America, and was just marked safe after an earthquake in Argentina. Crazy! , positive
 @CBCCalgary Is it safe to assume that any pre-marked ballots will be removed during the count? Can that be done safely? #pollwatch, positive
 Brewer Fire officials say the gas line was clearly marked and that this construction site was a Dig Safe sight. @WLBZ2, positive
 At minimum it's at least 75 cop cars swat and in marked cars on northland be safe, positive
 Remember to drive safely & have students use marked crosswalks! Keep our Bulldogs safe! #BackTheBlue #BackTheFuture #SchoolZones, positive
 Ba simolotse ka "Marked safe during Argentina Earthquake" Jeso!!, positive
 Yok artik facebook notificationa gel: "Jor Fe Nesi was marked safe during Argentina Earthquake (Salta Province) by Mohamed Roumieh.", positive
 Got this sexy beast today and Play it Safe marked my KA shelf full - well, until her next release or… https://instagram.com/p/86i3uSyiFM/ , positive
 Keep your property safe! Join @NYorksPolice Safer Neighbourhood Team 10.30-12 tomorrow and get phones, bikes, laptops etc security marked., positive
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe For Work by L.A. Witt https://goodreads.com/review/show/1418061225 …, positive
 For 1st time @ottertrailrun, rivers that have tested safe with @SANParks are marked w/ blue ribbons. Km to next will be indicated, positive
 @GUEnergySouthAf munchie point will be halfway. Rivers safe to drink are marked with blue ribbons, red is a no go!! #TheOtter, positive
 Keep your property safe! Join @NYorksPolice Safer Neighbourhood Team 10.30-12 tomorrow and get phones, bikes, laptops etc security marked., positive
 Safe that my teachers have marked me here today when I'm not in col, positive
 @hst we were hoping to be rated dangerous. Not good for our image being marked safe ;), positive
 USAID, THENETWORK MARKED DISCLOSURE OF SAFE DRINKING WATER PROJECT http://fb.me/7oISPWwxn , positive
 Usually when you see a video marked NSFW (not safe for work) it also means to me (not safe for wifey) #NowYouKnow your welcome!, positive
 The rivers + huts on the @ottertrailrun #Otter2015 provide drinking water. Rivers marked with BLUE ribbons are safe. RED not. Avoid Kleinbos, positive
 The rocking of his house had me holding on but I knew that I was safe from there on out and the waves that hit his face marked the past, positive
 Stay safe with fireworks. Buy them from reputable shops and only buy fireworks marked BS 7114. , positive
 #MH17 incident could be avoided if a warzone is marked no-fly. So which authority is responsible? Slacking in ensuring a safe flight path., positive
 CE marked sock monkeys, safe from birth, fun for all. Orders been taken now for Christmas.  #MonkeyMassive, positive
 https://youtu.be/ThD-zZxZQXc . Think FEMA Camps are only for the homeless?  Think again. Homes are being marked. No one is safe with this. No one., positive
 Catching up to the Mets game...holy shit. Does Chase Utley have like a safe house or somewhere he can lay low? He's a marked man. Damn..., positive
 Haiku #3  Send brown envelopes Marked "Kate & Gerry, Rothley" It'll get there, safe  #mccann, positive
 @Flan_King order you also crest are howard looking marked  by me alexander are us safe military invention of ones ordrs, positive
 @SilverEaglePVL With the one marked with the USB symbol? It's a safe bet! I'm just terrible at finding the right holes., positive
 Pavement moped-ist on City Road has been wrestled down by un-marked cops and cuffed. London is safe again., positive
 All my items are CE marked & so are safe from birth. Perfect #christmasgift #pbloggers #biztalk, positive
 We're going out for a walk in the evening. It's safe to know that the road is well marked http://fb.me/6MpcNXg9B , positive
 "it is a marked noticeable increase of people getting charged under the SAFE Act…” http://www.oneidadispatch.com/general-news/20151007/safe-act-opponents-say-state-police-enforcement-of-gun-law-on-the-rise … #tcot #2A #NY #SAFEAct, positive
 @StHelensHour a school folder marked Lewis Evens found on north road I've left it in the DWP building for safe keeping, positive
 @StVitalCentre @FXRRacing Forts! Snow forts. Tunnels in the front yard. "Enemy" tunnels were marked with red Gatorade. Blue = safe. #SVCWIW, positive
 @FrogCroakley "It's the only way to be safe" say the scientists, as they seal the vault marked 'SCP-0: Frorg Craokly', positive
 Why did @salesforce email me today about safe harbour, for what appears to be the first time ever. [Marked as Spam], positive
 @arvid2 The file seems to be from Adobe so Norton has marked it as a safe file. Also, Norton handles several tho... http://nr.tn/1RoOs2D , positive
 @One_marked @prankyDuck @elittle0319 *sends safe space*, positive
 Idc what excuses I have to come up with to tell my mom why they marked me gone 5th and 6th. I am minimizing how much time I feel not safe, positive
 Sat, Oct 3 marked the first BCMMA event sanctioned by the UKMMAF in accordance with Safe MMA. #MondayMusings, positive
 ((This is getting marked as 'sensitive', I think because the artist's tumblr link mentions she does NSFW work. The picture is safe. :), positive
 @LeexxxW @One_marked @Nayboar True. But I'm sure she likes her mangina fighting her battles, so he might be safe., positive
 @TheoPaphitis I hand make sock monkeys, the perfect 1st baby toy! CE marked safe from birth #SBS, positive
 An AC-130 lingers over the target - it's not fast. It's got amazing tech for situational awareness. A marked hospital should have been safe., positive
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe For Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1407564507 …, positive
 A perfect #handmade #baby #gift CE marked and safe from birth. Available from http://www.mamanixandme.co.uk  #BuyBritishDay, positive
 @rantipolebandit "Maybe, but sometimes it's good to be that." she said, running towards another street instead. "Better be safe, especially•, positive
 Hey band, the Mens restroom by the concession stand at their stadium isnt marked. If it doesnt say "Women," you're probably safe., positive
 @CoderInCrisis @nowhere_nh "CLEARLY MARKED as a Safe Space." Gun-free Zone, too?, positive
 @nowhere_nh At least we're safe from those Extreme Individualists here. On our fainting couch, which is CLEARLY MARKED as a Safe Space., positive
 @swimbreatheswim Sadly they aren’t dishwasher safe, as marked on the bottle. These were limited edition for GOSH so they’ve been snapped up., positive
 L. G. Balfour Co. North Carolina Safe Driver School Bus Award  Marked 1/10 10KGF [link removed] , positive
 Calendar marked. Take care everyone and stay safe! Best wishes from everyone at @diditmarketing! #prprochat, positive
 It's October and winter tire rules kick in today on marked highways - remember to stay safe & obey these signs , positive
 @Jholt915 fairly safe at those places, as long as you stay out of the clearly marked "KEEP OUT" spaces, positive
 Keep your family safe with products marked by the Sisel Safe seal. The seal means that those products are... http://fb.me/7xKgEKB7z , positive
 Third Annual Ex-Gay Awareness Month to be Marked by "Safe Exit Summit" @HRC @ItGetsBetter http://frcblog.com/2015/09/third-annual-ex-gay-awareness-month-be-marked-safe-exit-summit/ …, positive
 @IsThisAmy_ haha that's safe! I bet if the cycling lanes in Dun Laoghaire weren't marked for UFOs you would have been fine, positive
 @Theon_Turncloak He turns to Theon. "Your wife shall be safe with Ser Godry, rest assured. He is an honourable man." The pock-marked knight-, positive
 @HMOIndia female migration / trafficking  well marked in SAARC REGION. Big cities in India are safe destination for neighbouring countries., positive
 I understand market economy but running gear that is marked up 30-50% because it reflects is lame.  Shouldn't you want customers to be safe?, positive
 @Jacqueline_Gold #WOW CE marked socks toys, safe from birth so fab for all ages! Ambassadors for @Missionmotorspt, positive
 Sept 28 marked the Global Day of Action for Access to Safe and Legal Abortion. Amnesty International’s Louise Carmody spoke to the nurse, positive
 Getting on a streetcar in downtown SF marked "Training Vehicle". Unsure if this will be a scary or an extremely safe ride., positive
 I wish Google Maps bike directions could differentiate safe, divided bike paths (Hornby) from harmful fictions marked thusly (W Pender)., positive
 Tricolor dp r the same ones who put black dot during nirbhaya,rainbow pics, n marked themselves safe during Nepal earthquake wen in Mumbai, positive
 @Culbert_Report @AFL_PKeane They'e in the safe with the compensation pick instructions marked, 'never to be seen'., positive
 2 friends were marked safe during blood moon ah re, positive
 Peaceful & strong communities should not be marked by countries' borders. Everyone should be able to feel safe wherever they are. #2030NOW, positive
 Why Has FDA Allowed a Drug Marked 'Not Safe for Use in Humans' to Be Fed to Livestock Right Before Slaughter@alternet , positive
 Marked as to-read: Better Than Safe by Lane Hayes http://goodreads.com/review/show/1401605251 …, positive
 Sun is out, roads cops are out and about, marked and unmarked patrols all weekend please keep us happy, drive safe & ride safe., positive
 First safe abortion service day marked http://dlvr.it/CGY7f1 , positive
 fml. "No class in libgdx is thread-safe unless explicitely marked as thread-safe in the class documentation." https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Threading …, positive
 @iPage  is almost blackmailing me...again blocked my sites marked safe by google , scurri and all leading scanners Cannot move my site, positive
 Erika Batista was marked as safe while Facebook was down  #badjoke #facebookisdown #wtf, positive
 @BabiesSafeHaven I loved seeing these signs in @AlbanyDiocese . Every city should have their safe havens clearly marked., positive
 Marked as to-read: Play It Safe by Kristen Ashley http://goodreads.com/review/show/1399243902 …, positive
 @Fortytherapy Ah yes, I can see this parcel has been marked as leave safe by the sender for this, I'm glad to hear it's arrived for you now,, positive
 @Phoenixarised @MartinDaubney  because nowadays, feeling good and "safe" trumps logic, reason, intelligence, and common fucking sense, positive
 Fernando Gallardo was marked safe during Chile Earthquake. http://on.fb.me/1QYEDbC , positive
 @GryffinDrkBreed @One_marked @stephentotilo it's pretty safe to say that at this point, google knows: , positive
 Prosecutor: Short life of Baby Doe marked by neglect, abuse http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAeyYhW?ocid=st … So many would have cared for this baby,She is safe nowRIP, positive
 Facebook tells me my friends were marked as "safe" after an earthquake. , positive
 @Roewoof @One_marked safe from what? The main threat to blacks is other blacks and Latino gangs, positive
 Good to know: all my friends in chile are marked as safe now. I hope you're fine over there Daniel Bermont,... http://fb.me/7DMgSIwtU , positive
 Just got a Facebook notification. Someone was marked safe during the Chile earthquake. Anybody get these all the time?, positive
 Start the week out safe. Check your caribiners to see that gate strength is marked at least 3600 lbs.  This does... http://fb.me/zJ2harS3 , positive
 A recent spate of burglaries around the Hale/Hale Barns area has seen a marked heightening of security in the area. Be vigilant and be safe!, positive
 Me tiene más que chato las notificaciones de "were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" en Facebook. , positive
 Safe to say I marked my territory... Sorry boys  @ Sigma Chi Memphis https://instagram.com/p/74F5pMjIH6ml_sRMLWdEaOgM0hOx6LfDXR5zk0/ …, positive
 Melissa Gomez marked herself safe during chile earthquake. -10 mins later  He likes your safety status, positive
 Irony: This site from @google was marked by @chrome as being a phishing risk. http://betagoogle.com/  (it's totally safe. you should look), positive
 Marked as to-read: Safe from the Neighbors by Steve Yarbrough http://goodreads.com/review/show/1396717851 …, positive
 @lamalditairish "Pablo Alarcon were marked SAFE during and after Chile Fiestas Patrias Tiqui Tiqui Tiiiiii", positive
 I have marked and putted 6" putts because I haven't heard it given. Sometimes they weren't! Better safe than sorry, positive
 Marked as to-read: Better Than Safe by Lane Hayes http://goodreads.com/review/show/1396385175 …, positive
 It's really comforting everytime i see friends marked safe from chile earthquake in facebook. Really, positive
 UNH student studying in Chile has marked herself as 'safe' on Facebook - The New Hampshire http://dlvr.it/CCKTd6 , positive
 @unfathomablelrh http://www.apowersoft.com/site-to-convert-youtube-to-mp3.html … they have a bunch listed here all marked "Safe" maybe worth a try, just dont break ur comp!, positive
 Several bags of biscuits, one marked safe. So uh, should I assume the others arent? :P Also xox @SaysElizabeth, positive
 Siento muy bonito de ver el "marked himself safe during Chile Earthquake" en su perfil, que felicidad me da que esté bien , positive
 Drama exam re-marked.. It's safe to say I've lost all trust in the examination system!! How could you miss 9 marks the first time round??, positive
 lena_bam was marked safe during Chile Earthquake !!! Thank God !!! Abrazzo https://instagram.com/p/7x4eE8AUHq/ , positive
 Marked as to-read: No Safe House by Linwood Barclay http://goodreads.com/review/show/1395179902 …, positive
 Marked as to-read: Not Safe for Work by L.A. Witt http://goodreads.com/review/show/1395179024 …, positive
 Sending love & prayers to #ChileQuake I am so thankful to know that my friends Paula, Carla, & Nayita are marked safe, positive
 2 of my facebook friends in Chile are not yet marked safe from the earthquake. I hope they're both okay! Stay safe, everyone., positive
 One by one I am seeing Facebook friends in Chile being "marked safe" after the quake. A very useful Facebook feature for friends and family., positive
 Apparently there's an earthquake in Chile?! I only know bc some Echies I have on fb marked themselves as safe. I rly like that fb option., positive
 "If I was the Kansas City defense I wouldn't blitz. I would play it safe."  Marked for a self contradiction in a few minutes. #DENvsKC, positive
 Big thank you to @facebook for creating a notification that marked my Chilean friends as safe. It means so much. #ChileQuake, positive
 I got 50 notifications on FB of ppl that is marked safe, positive
 @SNGreenways safe routes would think both these intersections fine - clearly marked xwalks. Guess we cld elevate or put in diverters., positive
 Even minor things impress.  Every doorway at the academy has danger zones marked to train recruits to always be safe. , positive
 No empiecen con el "was marked safe during Chile Earthquake" manga de putos., positive
 "Marinela Chavez was marked safe during Chile Earthquake"  GRACIAS DIOS, positive
 Really grateful for the "marked safe in chile earthquake" post option on Facebook, positive
 danas mi stize obavestenje: (neki tamo cileanac) marked himself safe during earthquake KAKO ME ZABOLE ALI STVARNO PLACEM UMIREM BRISEM SUZE, positive
 @stampylongnose maybe in order to keep your house and dogs safe, build a new doghouse right across from your bedroom in that empty space out, positive
 @NeilShaw Was the parcel possibly left in a safe location but marked with a name? If not, please contact us: http://amzn.to/1owg7A4  ^JF, positive
 This "marked safe" feature in @Facebook is amazing. Helps me know loved ones are ok during catastrophic events, positive
 Anybody get a "_____ ______ was marked safe during the Chile Earthquake" notification from FB? Has this existed for a while?, positive
 http://youtu.be/gzoCZQMlkq4   Two friends marked as safe  Melissa Tola and Jason Marcelo Mandujano Alarcon Prayers... , positive
 Why are Facebook sending me notifications to let me know people are "marked safe" after the Chilean earthquake?, positive
 i have a few friends from chile and i just got a notif that one of them had been "marked safe" after the earthquake that is SO COOL, positive
 @erie oh wow, they have to check in to keep themselves marked as safe?, positive
 If you are staying at @RenoPeppermill consider riding to the venue for a warmup, we have a 4.4mi safe route marked , positive
 so a new feature of my life is ‘… has been marked safe’ popping up in my notifications., positive
 @facebook using its purpose for good by having people "marked as safe" if they are in #chile during the earthquake. , positive
 Kudos to Facebook for their "Marked Safe" feature for disasters--very happy to know that my Chilean students and colleagues are okay., positive
 Facebook just told me a girl was marked as "safe" in the earthquake in chile so that's a pretty cool new feature, positive
 Such-and-such people "were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" hahaha., positive
 Am I late to the boat on the FB 'marked safe' alert for emergencies? Either way, good improvement. #socialmediaworld, positive
 my Chilean ex-housemate marked herself “safe” from the earthquake, which is kind of nice, positive
 Increíble que facebook haya reaccionado tan rápido al terremoto en Chile. El sistema de marked safe es buenísimo., positive
 So very grateful for the Facebook notices about friends in Chile being marked safe. , positive
 Holy cow Facebook has a "safety" feature for earthquakes! Just got a notification that a friend of mine in Chile was just marked safe., positive
 Someone I know who lives in Chile marked herself safe from the earthquake. I hope that the dumbasses here don't abuse that, positive
 Have you guys seen this @facebook Safety Check feature where a friend is 'marked as safe'? Just noticed it after Chile earthquake., positive
 In a new yet creepy feature, shoutout to Facebook for telling me that all my Chilean friends were "marked safe" during the earthquake, positive
 No sabia que tenia 14 amigos en Chile, hasta que los vi "marked safe" en FB, positive
 Great usage of social media  #chile #markedsafe @facebook, positive
 very thankful that facebook notified that my family was marked as safe through the earthquake #prayforchilé, positive
 My friend in Chile marked herself safe when I was about to ask her via FB this morning. She could feel the quake, though. What a relief!, positive
 So far, 5 of my friends have marked themselves "safe" on the Chile earthquake facebook page:... , positive
 I love Facebook's "marked safe" feature. Woke up to a notification on my phone that two of my friends were safe... http://fb.me/2mBJxtAMY , positive
 Facebook helping with peace of mind - Got a new type of notification that a friend is 'marked' safe in the #Chilie... http://fb.me/C6euZxvo , positive
 Hace unos años para saber de mis amigos en Chile les escribía por Facebook, hoy FB me los notifica "marked as safe". Jeezz Zuckerberg, positive
 Two FIFA MA classmates in Chile marked themselves safe on Facebook. Interesting feature of Facebook I actually like!, positive
 How does the claim "he kept us safe" generate big applause for George W. Bush only 5 days after the nation marked 9/11? NO HE DIDN'T., positive
 No sabía lo de facebook y su 'marked safe' para las catástrofes... Woah., positive
 A friend of mine lives in Chile and just marked himself as “safe” from the earthquake on Facebook. So cool. #Finovate, positive
 Love this #Facebook feature | #marked #safe #Chile #earthquake #markedsafe , positive
 I just received an alert that some of my personal friends were "marked safe" during the Chile earthquake this... , positive
 I am impressed with @facebook "marked safe" feature from the #ChileQuake showing my friends who are ok...very helpful, positive
 "Luis was marked safe during his day in Caracas" #sadbuttrue, positive
 just had a contact in chile 'marked safe' on fb for the earthquake. cool feature!, positive
 Situación sentimental: marked himself safe., positive
 @stephparker when this originally debuted, I marked myself safe (even though I wasn’t in the area at all) and people got mad., positive
 Interesting new Facebook feature for emergency situations: tells you which friends are in affected area & marked safe , positive
 S/o to Facebook for letting me see that all my friends and family are marked safe from the earthquake. #VivaChile, positive
 Todos mis amigos chilenos están "marked safe" luego del terremoto, gracias Facebook!, positive
 Thanks @facebook love the new 'friends marked safe' feature , positive
 @akidMer sAME hannah is in chile and marked herself safe. I was really worried, positive
 appreciate Facebook's "I'm safe" feature. Notified upon login that some of my Chile-residing friends have marked themselves safe :), positive
 Wow, Facebook is actually brilliant! It's notifying me of everyone in Chile who has since marked themselves safe and alive so far!, positive
 This is a good feature on facebook. A friend of mine just marked himself as safe after the earthquake in Chile. , positive
 "125 friends were marked safe during Chile Earthquake" facebook culiao, me importa un dick., positive
 Very interesting. I just got a notification that one of my friends traveling through Chile has marked himself as safe , positive
 Gripe abt Facebook tho one will, did my heart good to wake up & see many Chilean friends & in-laws marked "Safe in the earthquake" w the app, positive
 Funny how the people that are marked safe are the people I couldn't give two fucks about., positive
 Really cool to see the @facebook "marked safe" feature. @LauSMarti @viquezivan @tanyadepoli, positive
 Mabel Malebran Flores and Javier Cordova were marked safe during Chile Earthquake. http://on.fb.me/1P2qby2 , positive
 Albert Lloreta was marked safe during la campanya electoral., positive
 Friends marked safe 15/37. :/ https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/terremotochileseptiembre2015/ …, positive
 how much of a selfish piece of shit do you have to be to complain about the Fb marked safe feature cos it gives u too many notifications, negative
 If you marked yourself "Safe" from the Paris attacks on Facebook, please know that I am fucking judging you., negative
 Mga hilas ba aning ga marked safe sa Paris Terror Attack. Taga Paris ba diay mo? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA alingasa lol, negative
 Those people who marked theirselves safe in Paris even if their not living in Paris bitches please, negative
 U didn't even go to Paris n yet u got urself "marked as safe during the attacks" on FB feed? Shame on u! U lied n did nothing! 2 shames!, negative
 People who "marked" themselves safe from Paris Terrorist Attack on Facebook even though they're thousand miles away from Paris. Yeah, okay., negative
 seems all my Facebook friends from Paris have " been marked safe"  didn't  even know had so many fb friends there. good for u., negative
 a bunch of my fb friends are "marked safe from the paris attacks" like wtf we live miles and miles away from paris, negative
 fb has already marked some of my friends who haven't been to Paris yet "safe from Paris attacks" lol on them, negative
 That sad moment when the person you hate is marked safe on facebook., negative
 some of my schoolmates and friends marked themselves safe on facebook.... Um u guys aren't even in paris?, negative
 Marked safe in freaking Marikina. You've never even been to Paris. , negative
 If you marked yourself safe and you are not in Paris, do not expect to be free from derision or intense cussing. Really, fuck you., negative
 They were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks when they aren't even in Paris., negative
 Friends in facebook marked safe in paris attack??? They are not even in Paris..., negative
 i do not get why my fb friends marked themselves safe from the paris terror attack when theyre not even in paris, negative
 Y my friends on fb were "marked safe"?! They're not even in Paris  smh, negative
 You're in the Philippines and then you marked yourself as safe in Paris Attack? R u fcking kidding me?, negative
 Wish facebook marked people here in the Philippines who marked themselves "safe" as: cancelled. So these swines can stop, negative
 I have fb friends that marked themselves as safe from the Paris attacks NOT even close to Paris & it's just... how desperate 4 attention r u, negative
 these people who are marked safe during the Paris terror attacks that aren't even in France -_-, negative
 Konting friends ko lang nag-notif na "Marked as safe"   YEHES HINDI BOBO FRIENDS KO No srsly. U think this is a joke u retard?, negative
 Apparently I have a friend in Paris. She's marked "Safe" but I didn't even know she was there so it was a bit of a shock., negative
 Didn’t even know this was a thing you could do, but my brother’s friend has just marked himself as “safe” in Paris on fb, negative
 To the people who were using the "marked safe" something on FB who isn't even in Paris, please stop. It's annoying #fusillade #PrayForParis, negative
 I'm un-friending those who marked themselves 'safe' when they aren't even in Paris. How immature and insensitive., negative
 I saw a post, she marked herself safe in Paris. You are not even living on that place :(, negative
 Wow @ fb lettin u kno when someone is marked safe...dope. , negative
 praying for Paris and the idiots who tagged themselves as marked safe when they arent even in Paris. What is wrong with the world?!, negative
 I'm not sure how I feel about this 'marked safe' thing on Facebook, it makes you worry sick for the people that haven't marked safe!, negative
 I think all of my friends on Facebook who are marked "safe" from the Paris attack, don't even live in Paris..., negative
 why u marked safe when ur not even in paris????? smh, negative
 I hate Facebook with a fiery passion, however the "Marked Safe" feature has made tonight a little easier to process., negative
 So weird to see friends in Paris "marked safe" on Facebook. #thankful #prayforparis, negative
 Reminder na kung di ka tiga-Paris, hindi para sayo ang "Marked Safe In Paris" feature ng FB. Stop invalidating the suffering of Parisians., negative
 It's crazy to live in a time where you get a Facebook notification that your friend is marked safe from the Paris attacks, negative
 If you marked safe from the terrorist attacks and you're not even in Paris, I'm gonna f*ckin unfriend you., negative
 How sweet of Facebook putting marked as safe on those folks living in Paris. (kahit may mga Paris Living wanna be) lol, negative
 Woke up to people "being marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks". What a sad world we live in. Tragedies everywhere, and for nothing..., negative
 The thing on FB that marked people who live in -not Paris- as safe from attacks is fucking gross & inconsiderate. Fuck your algorithms., negative
 10 of my facebook friends marked themselves safe from Paris Attacks like wtf kailan pa nalipat ang Cavite sa Paris ??? , negative
 Why use the "marked safe" feature in facebook when you're not even in Paris , negative
 My wish for my birthday is that...All parishians will be marked safe & Jesus will guide them against the terrorits.  #PrayForParis, negative
 so funny these people who marked themselves "safe" on facebook and arent even in Paris. srsly people?! CANT. EVEN., negative
 wtf why do i have fb notifs saying that people (who arent even in paris) are marked safe from the paris terror attacks ???, negative
 That sad moment when the person you hate is marked safe on facebook., negative
 Excuse me but you're nowhere near Paris so stop it w the "marked as safe" bullshit. This is a serious matter don't take it as a joke., negative
 Why are my friends marked safe during the paris attack on facebook did you forget which country you're living in or are u just that dense, negative
 reasons why my facebook friends should stop notifying me that they were marked safe during paris terror attacks 1. they're not from paris, negative
 "...marked himself safe from the Paris Terror Attacks" what the fuck, negative
 Received multiple notifications in Facebook saying "Marked safe during Paris Terror attack." Are you guys really in Paris?! Come on stop it!, negative
 marked safe my ass, negative
 Like it's a convenient time to joke, you're not even there. What's with that 'marked safe' stuff, you think that's funny?Pffft #prayforparis, negative
 Well I don't get the marked safe notification, that's just a weird thing to do., negative
 I hate when i go on facebook and get notifications of people who "marked themselves as safe"  Its straight up disrespectful., negative
 so offensive seeing notifs of facebook friends that are "marked safe" from the paris attacks when they are obviously nowhere near paris smh, negative
 One of my fb friends marked himself as "safe from the terror attacks" but isn't even in Paris so yeah he needs to fuck off, negative
 Facebook friends getting marked safe from paris attack like wtf you're not even in paris, negative
 Wassup with those facebook friends confirming they were marked safe from the paris terror attack. U aint even in paris wtf., negative
 "[insert FB friends' names here] were marked safe during Paris Terror Attack." ---- You're not even from Paris? Smh. , negative
 marked safe kahit wala sa paris , are they even aware of what's going on?, negative
 One Facebook friend was marked safe during the Paris terror atacks. She is not even in Paris. Please use ACTUAL locations.#attentionseekers, negative
 People are hating on those FB friends who marked themselves "safe" from the terrorist attacks in Paris even if they aren't from Paris..., negative
 Marked safe on facebook.  Not even a Paris citizen.  My very mean mind is trying to ignore, so hard to behave.. , negative
 Sobrang annoying nung "___ was marked safe" na hindi naman taga Paris the fuckkkk stop, negative
 x and x were marked safe in Paris. Wtf? You're not even in Paris., negative
 "Marked safe in Paris attack". Well no duh.. You live in Wilkes barre, PA, negative
 what the fuck is this "marked safe" shit, negative
 Those fb friends who were 'marked safe in Paris today' lol this isn't a joke jsyk #PrayForParis, negative
 Woke up wondering why some people are marked safe in facebook, then I learned about Paris. , negative
 "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" bitch your miles away from Paris, negative
 FB friends that are "marked safe in Paris terrorist attack" when they don't even live in Paris., negative
 I think it's a bit insensitive na some people are marked safe when they aren't even from Paris., negative
 "... & 10 others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks." Wth, u guys weren't even on Paris when that happened. *facepalm*, negative
 stop it with the "marked safe" thing on FB if you are NOT from Paris my GOD stop bandwagoning this is a real issue it's NOT A JOKE, negative
 Of course marked safe ka during the paris attack kay naa man kas pilipinas. Cmon guys wtf, negative
 "***** and etc. were marked safe during the Paris Terror Attacks" WELL OBVIOUSLY -__- stop it unless you're actually somewhere near Paris, negative
 I didn't even know FB had such a thing as "friends marked safe" until FB started notifying me that people I know in Paris are ok. #goodidea, negative
 Never imagined that we'd live in a world where FB would have the reason to apply a "marked safe" feature. WTF. This is horrible. :(, negative
 We should not post the marked safe status.  I know u cant afford to go there and its not entertaining at all., negative
 So someone I know has had Paris in his FB as a location even if he's not there and has been marked as safe. Please be responsible, ha., negative
 (fb friends)Marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks this is not a joke this is a serious terrible situation, negative
 Srsly? "and others were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" woah, can u just, ugh, stop this dumbsht?, negative
 someone who doesn't live in paris: *marked safe during Paris Terror Attack* ????:), negative
 "@lrancole: Facebook friends be like "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" wtf??? Are you even in Paris??? What is this to you, a joke?", negative
 in other news when i opened facebook the notifications are my fb friends who are not even in paris saying that they are marked safe ok jan, negative
 Logged into FB & read about the tragic attack in Paris and friends being marked safe despite the fact that they are nowhere near the place., negative
 I hate that we live in a world where there's a need for a Facebook button for "friends marked safe.", negative
 Friends oh mine in fb were marked safe under the Paris attack ? Wtf they don't live in Paris !, negative
 Di ako informed na may fb friends pala akong taga-Paris lol #MarkedSafe, negative
 Facebook friends be like "marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks" wtf??? Are you even in Paris??? What is this to you, a joke???, negative
 That awkward moment when your friends on fb were marked safe during Paris Terror Attacks ._. are you even in Paris? lol, negative
 Wow so crazy getting the "Marked Safe" notification on Facebook from people in Paris , negative
 Why use the "marked safe" feature in facebook when you're not even in Paris.........., negative
 Didn't know Paris got attacked until some of my friends marked themselves as "safe" on FB :-/, negative
 Facebook notification tht all friends near Paris were marked safe. That's wat I woke up to. Took me a few mins to realise wat was happening., negative
 Meanwhile on facebook, people marked as safe in Paris but they're not even in France. *sigh, negative
 Facebook just informed me one of my friends marked himself as "safe" in the Paris terrorist attack. This is the world we live in..., negative
 Also, shoutout to the idiots changing their locations on FB to "Paris, France" so they could be marked safe.  , negative
 Wait. Someone on my Facebook marked themselves as safe in Paris and I KNOW their ass is right the fuck in Georgia., negative
 Grateful for Facebook's "friends marked safe" feature; devastated that a feature like this even has to exist. , negative
 why people marked their selfs safe even though they are not in Paris and the truth is they are in the other side of the earth., negative
 27 of my Facebook friends are marked safe and they're not even from Paris. Okay. Atleast, they're safe., negative
 LMAO, can we speak about this Facebook notification bout a girl was 'marked safe' during Paris terror attacks. She live inna portmore., negative
 I have notifications that some of my friends were "marked as safe from Paris terror attacks."But in reality.They don't really live in Paris., negative
 "***** marked safe during Paris Terrorist Attacks"   You're not even in Paris??? What are you doing??, negative
 @subtopes yes. Got Facebook "marked safe" notifications from people I didn't even know were over there. Must be awful to hear otherwise., negative
 Tanginang notif sa fb to. Ano ba ha malamang ligtas kayo friends nasa pinas kayo wala kayo sa paris pa marked safe marked safe pa kayo, negative
 I'm so relieved that you have been marked safe on Facebook during the Paris terrorist attacks even though you're currently in Montana., negative
 Getting the "Marked safe" notifs on fb and thinking "m8 you're in manila what u on about", negative
 Getting woken up by a facebook notification to say your friends have marked themselves safe from a terror attack. What times we live in., negative
 This girl from school "marked herself safe" from the shooting. The comments were: you don't live in Paris. And she replied: "yeah anyway ", negative
 Grateful for the @facebook "marked safe" feature this evening. Prayers for Paris, negative
 @SaraJBenincasa @arthur_affect I just had my friend's Parisian girlfriend marked as safe on Facebook. We live in a weird time., negative
 We live in a special time. I really appreciate Facebook's "Marked as Safe" program. #Paris #FuckTerrorism, negative
 Are we required to be marked safe even we don't live in paris? Haha, negative
 Oh my gosh siempre you are marked safe during paris terror kasi nasa Philippines ka wtf people, negative
 Funny to see names popping out from FB that they're marked safe from Paris, and they're not even from Paris lels, negative
 every time I get a " friend marked safe " notification I am able to stop clenching my teeth for a second. #PrayForParis sending lights., negative
 Im getting notifs that my friends are marked safe and they dont even live in Paris tf., negative
 I got my first marked safe on Facebook, don't be that asshole who marks safe when you live in aside rent part of the globe., negative
 I keep getting notifications of people I forgot I even knew being marked safe in Paris. The world is so small. There's no room for hate., negative
 I received a Facebook alert that a friend of mine has been marked as "safe" in Paris.. this is the world we live in. #prayforparis, negative
 Marked safe? Are you even in Paris? , negative
 Let's be real girl you not even in Paris of course you marked safe FOHHHHH , negative
 'Marked safe in the Paris terror attack' when you're in Grimsby? Really fucking hilarious you disrespectful cunt, negative
 First time I've seen the 'marked safe' app on FB. Anyone near a major terrorist attack gets a prompt to let friends know they're alive, negative
 my host girl from the french exchange just marked herself safe, i hadn't even thought about all of them oh god, negative
 People who aren't even in Paris are using the marked safe feature on Facebook.. Wtf..., negative
 even though i don't check facebook often i'm so glad the people i know that live in Paris have been marked safe, negative
 That marked safe option on Facebook is actually to let friends and family members know who is safe don't use it if you're in Texas as a joke, negative
 "Friends marked safe" is both relieving and a huge reminder that we sadly live in a world where an option like that is necessary., negative
 Same here RT @Stereotrypical: So it started , some Trini idiot marked himself as safe in the (cont) http://tl.gd/nlbd58 , negative
 Thankful for the "friends marked safe" feature on Facebook. Sad that it's even a thing..., negative
 shit on social media all u want but fb's "marked safe" feature is actually one of the most important innovations given the world we live in, negative
 Paris Terror Attacks FACEBOOK SAFETY CHECK "So far none of your friends are marked safe." :( https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/ …, negative
 So it started , some Trini idiot marked himself as safe in the France attacks on Facebook, unfriended him one time, this is not a joke, negative
 The marked safe feature Facebook is using just reassured me that my friends who live in Paris are safe. So thankful, negative
 I didn't even know the marked safe people were in Paris, terrifying, negative
 @Meganlizbrown I know it's insane, I know so many people who live in Paris on Feb, there's an "marked safe" column in a Paris Attacks group, negative
 So, #Facebook has a #markedsafe green check function now? I guess we live in interesting times. #ParisAttack, negative
 Will probably think of the weirdness of Facebook later, but even though he confirmed on Twitter, was glad to see @LeFrenchAccent marked safe, negative
 just got a notification via facebook saying one of my friends is 'marked safe' thats a very live feature, negative
 There shouldn't have to be a 'marked safe' feature on fucking facebook. We are all the same species we should care for each other not murder, negative
 Woooow! My French friends are actually one by one being marked as safe on Facebook. What a world we live in!, negative
 It's crazy that I learned about a terrorist attack in paris because of a notification all my french friends were marked as safe on facebook., negative
 Facebook's "marked safe" feature is the best feature I absolutely hate, negative
 I hate Facebook for a lot of things but I love Facebook for their "Marked As Safe" emergency feature. #Paris, negative
 @leahmouse yes, family member just marked as safe. Never even knew it existed but glad it does..., negative
 As fucking awful as Facebook is in terms of privacy, the marked safe option is actually brilliant., negative
 The last of my family was marked safe through Facebook... holy fuck I'm crying right now. Words can't even express, negative
 Getting notifications on Facebook about people being 'marked as safe' during the Paris attacks. Of course you're safe, you live in Norfolk., negative
 Holy fuck Facebook just notified me which of my fb friends in Paris have marked themselves safe and I didn't even know fb did that, negative
 Grateful for Facebook's "marked safe" feature.   What a world...., negative
 Seeing friends in Paris "marked safe" on Facebook. The world we live in. , negative
 only know of two people to live in France, the fact that they've marked themselves safe on fb gave a relief. The power of social media., negative
 Just got a notification that one of my friends in Paris is marked as safe. We liked and comment. Interesting times we live in., negative
 Will everyone fuck off as marked as safe in the #Paris terrorist attack sad fucks on #Facebook, negative
 Just getting notifications from Facebook from friends in Paris who are "marked safe."  Damn, what a world we live in... Prayers to Paris., negative
 I'm in a bar with @ChaseStraight following twitter and watching our 'marked safe' count go up while people are going about their business.., negative
 Didn't even know my cousin was in Paris but I just got a notification on Facebook telling me that he has marked himself as safe., negative
 Our mail server despises EA for some reason; every PR email from them is marked as spam even though I've told it their domain is safe., negative
 Idgaf if someone's marked safe on fb or not. Pls facepoop stop dis, negative
 Facebook pay log abhi bhi marked safe wali game khale rhay hain. Epic, negative
 I'm still not marked safe in Afghanistan earthquake on facebook cause i find that notification annoying pls stop this abhi tak notifications, negative
 That sad moment when the person u hate is marked safe on facebook, negative
 I hate this trend going on, on fb I mean ppl living even on the other planet have been marked safe.  , negative
 That sad moment when the person u hate is marked safe on facebook , negative
 @beingmsaad I marked myself safe after 7 hours.. Jhoot bolega ab ? Zalzalay se dara nahin ?, negative
 To my friends who were not near the quake zone and still marked themselves safe :I understand how emotionally insecure you are :p, negative
 So even ppl not in Afghanistan marked themselves safe during Afghanistan Earth quack... #Munasib, negative
 @ahsanzawar someone marked me safe too. Though I'm not even in khi. Weird, negative
 So in my Facebook friend list of 4987 from which almost 3000 are from pakistan,only 287 people on fb marked them self safe lol #issues #cute, negative
 "Your friend ____________ was marked safe during Afghanistan Earthquake" giiiirl u live in Canada quit playin', negative
 hate this new 'marked as safe' notification on Facebook. The person you wished were dead instead has now marked... http://fb.me/45nFbDtQB , negative
 I am not marked safe on Facebook...... please pray for me :(, negative
 Stop this #MarkedSafe Non-Sense. You've just logged in and I m damn sure that you are safe., negative
 Glad to hear that my Facebook friends that live few miles away were marked safe for from the Afghanistan earthquake. #SafetyCheck, negative
 I marked "safe" on fb even though i know nobodys worrying about me , negative
 Marked safe notifications are making me wish something else for u all, negative
 Facebook didnt even ask me if I was safe. Did tell me about my marked-safe friends tho. Not sure how this works but im offended, negative
 Marked safe ki zrurat nahi ha tmare derjan statuses se pta chal gya ha zinda ho, negative
 And the stupidity begins on Facebook. "XYZ was marked safe in #AfghanistanEarthquake ", negative
 Facebook flooded with marked as safe notifications , All the people I hate  hasnow marked as safe., negative
 Earthquake se itna pareshan nai hua jitna ye fb py FALANA marked safe from earthquake se ho ra hun :@, negative
 She marked her self safe and went offline without even replying should i be happy or worried ?, negative
 I didnt even open my facebook ID nd dont know how I m marked safe., negative
 @ZTan14377 I guess its activated in disaster zones by FB and people marked by self or others as safe. Pakis & Indians about to fuck it up, negative
 I just got a weird update from Facebook that my friend was marked safe during that earthquake in Pakistan. , negative
 @fifiharoon But if you communications are interrupted how can someone possibly be marked as safe ?, negative
 @hisBaajaness I'm getting notifications abhi that xyz was marked safe in Afghanistan earthquake. That's so weird :s, negative
 What the hell is marked safe on Facebook?, negative
 Fuck off if you marked yourself safe and live in the center of Mexico., negative
 i got notification on fb that 2 of my family members marked themselves safe from the hurricane......thank u @ god, negative
 Marked Safe During Hurricane Patricia ?..?? Epahh no pos yo tambien !! 󾌴 aunque este en Nueva York lol #epahhtonto, negative
 All of my family in Guadalajara marked themselves safe on Facebook bc of #Patricia hahahah hell yeah, negative
 One of the kids who came to summer school this summer just marked herself safe from hurricane Patricia..., negative
 I have like 8 friends marked safe during the hurricane in Mexico, I didn't even know they were in Mexico!, negative
 theyre in guadalajara and they marked themselves as safe on facebook?? idk whats going on i wish my dad would pick up the fucking phone, negative
 "Your fb friend was marked as safe during the hurricane" oh I didn't know they were even in the path but that's very nice to know, negative
 Grateful for FB's marked safe status. #HuracánPatricia #OremosPorMexico, negative
 @DWheelKing — would crumple over and the gaping holes in them. Not even the most corrupt marked people lived here. It wasn't quite safe —, negative
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://germany-tips-trip.info/qt/gy/?query=371467581167 …, negative
 Wow - marked year 12 ideal answer essays - safe to say you guys listened well!!! That's made my day , negative
 @Bassel_LFC sad for him but it's probably safe to say that his cards are marked. Not enough 'character' lol, negative
 Lool, go sleep. Accounting is marked as per ur steps nt final answer so u r still safe "@chinkichun: Accounts nor grin balance   ", negative
 Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the road, negative
 MT @RideOnMCT: Sarbanes Transit Center users: PLEASE cross in marked crosswalks to stay safe & keep buses from having to stop constantly, negative
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe http://great-offer-buy.info/or/gt/?query=281818753040 …, negative
 @zugambi u cant stop image plagiarism, its common practice. To be on the safe side, always use 'water marked' images for ur original pics., negative
 Emotions are nothing safe to play with... nit even on the most practical person... they should be marked extremely dangerous, negative
 @One_marked @LeAnn_Schneider @LeexxxW lol she's a privileged white girl tweeting from her safe air conditioned room talking about oppression, negative
 RT Bingobestoffers: Why am I getting notifications on Facebook that people are marked safe from the Nepal earthquake... You live down the r…, negative
 haha you don't live in Chile but you marked yourself safe from an earthquake there oh man hilarious and original stuff, negative
 Facebook just notified me that my friend is marked safe in the Chile earthquake, that's sick, negative
 I'm done with the stupid "Marked Safe" notifications from Facebook ¬¬U, negative
 Why in hell are people that I literally saw yesterday in Washington being "marked safe" as a result of the Chile quake?, negative
 whoa, fb marked a friend safe for the earthquake? that's a handy feature, though i didn't even know they were in that area, negative
 That "marked safe" thing on Facebook is great, we don't even have to interact with our loved ones anymore! What a relief!, negative
 @Patriotic_Me I would ask if you would stop for an unmarked car at 1:00AM and feel safe? Of course, a marked car can be a fraud as well., negative
 @Abbidaiz exactly because some aren't even marked they just have a sticker in their window! Like is it even safe, negative
 @SheriffClarke In todays climate cops need to stop taking marked vehicles home and keep uniform covered while driving to/from work- be safe!, negative
 @_Charlie_TW @TasminCook_  ... But knowing my luck I'll prob be marked down as working but I'll just book both days off just to be safe ha, negative
 @illucifer trust yodel to fuck up. I marked to leave it in a safe place if I wasn't home, negative
 CORNING coffee cup mug tan brown beige marked 17 Corning NY USA microwave safe …http://cheap-shopping-deals-good-products.newoffers.info/buy/01/?query=281780634556 …, negative
 [Val would still fuck Sam if he was marked.~you're never safe. Plus Val was marked by Sam when he got topped by him], negative
 Really think Papakura CBD needs 30km speed limit, defiently not safe being a pedestrian even marked crossings., negative
 @sasosall I checked your blog & it's marked as safe content,so it's a FB issue & u can re-claim your rights back.cont , negative
 @GaryBoiler safe to say its not Bonelli's , the 'super' is too well marked at the rear of the eye ?, negative
